

=== START OF VSP_Choice_Manual_Plaintext.txt ===

Last Updated: Jun 1, 2025
 CHOICE NETWORK MANUAL
 Effective Date: Jan 1, 2025
NOTE: This manual remains the sole and exclusive property of VSP®. The information contained in this manual is confidential and proprietary, and the VSP network provider is granted a limited
 personal and nontransferrable license for use of the content of this manual during participation on the VSP network. The contents of this manual may not be used, copied, and/or reproduced
 for any other purpose, or disclosed and/or disseminated to any third party for any purpose whatsoever, without the prior written consent of VSP. If, for any reason, the manual recipient no
 longer participates on the VSP network, the doctor hereby agrees, and is directed, to immediately destroy this manual, all copies, and any and all amendments and addenda that may be issued
 by VSP from time to time.
CHOICE NETWORK MANUAL TABLE OF CONTENT
 VSP Choice Plan 1
 VSP Choice Plan Overview 1.1
 Eligibility & Authorization 1.2
 Choice Coordination of Benefits 1.3
 Exam Coverage 1.4
 Materials Coverage 1.5
 VSP EasyOptions 1.6
 VSP Elements Program 1.7
 Lab 1.8
 Submitting Claims/Billing & Reimbursement 1.9
 Client Details and Programs 2
 ADP TotalSource 2.1
 BCBSM-MESSA (Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan - MESSA) 2.2
 Cleveland Bakers & Teamsters H&W Fund Client Details 2.3
 Cigna Healthy Rewards—Vision Network Savings Program 2.4
 Cigna Vision 2.5
 Commonwealth Care Alliance Client Details 2.6
 FCA - Stellantis Represented Employees Client Details 2.7
 Federal Employees Dental and Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP) 2.8
 MetLife Vision 2.9
 MetLife VisionAccess Program 2.10
 Principal Financial Group 2.11
 VSP Eyes of Hope Gift Certificates 2.12
 Commonspirit Health, Catholic Health Initiatives, & Dignity Health (AKA CSH, CHI) 2.13
 VSP Choice Plan Lens Enhancements Charts 3
 VSP Choice Plan Lens Enhancements Charts 3.1
 Choice Exam Plus Plans 4
 Exam & Materials Coverage 4.1
 Exam Plus Savings Plan 5
 Exam Plus Savings Plan 5.1
 VSP Choice Access Plan 6
 VSP Choice Access Plan 6.1
 VSP Vision Savings Pass 7
 VSP Vision Savings Pass 7.1
 ® ®
 ®
VSP Choice Plan
 1
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 1
 VSP Choice Plan®
 SM
 This supplement to the VSP Manual provides information regarding coverage for VSP patients with the VSP Choice Plan, VSP Choice Exam Plus Plan , Choice Access, and supplemental plans.
 Only participating Choice Network doctors can provide services to VSP Choice Plan patients.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 2
 Eligibility & Authorization
 Before providing services, make sure your patient is eligible for benefits by retrieving an authorization. At that time, you’ll get information about your patient’s plan, coverage, and current benefit
 eligibility. You’ll also get a unique authorization number for your patient. Remember: an authorization number doesn’t guarantee payment. Review any comments or notations at the bottom of
 the Patient Record Report to confirm patient eligibility. Confirmation is required to show that the services and materials provided meet our plan requirements before issuing payment.
 Obtain an authorization on eyefinity.com or by calling VSP at 800.615.1883.
 For additional information on obtaining an authorization, refer to Eligibility and Authorization page details.
 Copay information is provided when you obtain an authorization.
 Note: 
Don’t waive copays.
 Refer to the Patient Record Report or the Lens Enhancements Charges Report for an explanation of your patient’s coverage.
 Important! 
Before ordering or providing services, tell your patients that they're responsible for payment of non-covered services and materials.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 3
 Choice Coordination of Benefits
 ®
 ®
 With the exception of the secondary allowances, the VSP Choice Plan COB guidelines are the same as the VSP Signature Plan . For additional information, see Coordination of Benefits in the
 VSP Manual.
 The following table shows you how to use the secondary plan to coordinate benefits based on your network participation.
 Patient's Primary
 Plan
 VSP Choice Plan
 VSP Choice Plan
 VSP Signature Plan
 VSP Signature Plan
 Patient's Secondary
 Plan
 VSP Signature Plan
 VSP Signature Plan
 VSP Choice Plan
 Your Network
 Participation
 Choice Network
 Non-Choice Network
 Choice Network
 Then
 You'll be reimbursed based on the VSP Signature Plan COB allowances (see COB rules for exceptions).
 We'll reimburse the patient based on the VSP Signature Plan non-VSP provider reimbursement schedule if out
of-network coverage is available.
 You'll be reimbursed based on the VSP Choice Plan COB allowance (see COB rules for exceptions).
 VSP Choice Plan
 Non-Choice Network
 We'll reimburse the patient based on the VSP Choice Plan non-VSP provider reimbursement schedule if out-of
network coverage is available.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 4
 Exam Coverage
 Covered comprehensive eye exams are generally available to patients once every 12 or 24 months on a service year, fiscal year, or calendar year basis. Provide the level of exam necessary to
 determine your patient’s eye health and visual status.
 Patients may also be covered for:
 Essential Medical Eye Care services. For more information, see Essential Medical Eye Care in the VSP Manual.
 Retinal Screening. For more information about the Retinal Screening Value-Added Feature and Retinal Screening Covered Benefit, see Retinal Screening in the VSP Manual.
 ®
 Your assigned VSP Choice Plan eye exam fees are based on levels of service. See Eye Exams in the VSP Manual for additional information. Exam services are paid only once per eligibility period.
 Don’t balance bill for exams.
 Note: 
Avoid reduced reimbursement. Bill separately for refraction (92015). Your Choice Network Fee Schedule lists your refraction fee.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 5
 Materials Coverage
 ®
 Under the VSP Choice Plan , your patient’s frame allowance is represented by a combination of the wholesale frame amount and corresponding retail amount for which your patient is covered.
 Although patients will only be informed of their retail allowance, they’re covered for any in-network (or covered) frame less than or equal to their wholesale or retail allowance. You receive your
 frame dispensing and the wholesale cost up to their wholesale allowance, plus collect any overage according to our frame overage procedures.
 Note: 
Some patients have a covered in full frame allowance. For these plans, you receive your frame dispensing and the wholesale cost.
 ®
 ®
 Most patients with a VSP Choice Plan will have a minimum extra $20 on top of their frame allowance when they select Marchon or Altair frames. Look for the wholesale and retail allowances
 for Marchon/Altair and all other frames indicated on the Patient Record Report at authorization. You’ll be reimbursed based on the wholesale equivalent of the patient's retail allowance for
 Marchon and Altair frames.
 Your patient can apply the frame allowance to any frame, listed or unlisted, (except for out-of-network frames in which case the patient's out-of-network frame allowance should be applied). If
 patients choose unlisted frames, use your acquisition cost instead of the Frames catalog price when submitting the “wholesale cost” to VSP.
 There is no charge to patients for standard frame cases; however, you may charge patients for special orders or for deluxe frame cases.
 VSP does not provide a dispensing fee when a patient-supplied frame is used and patients can't be charged any additional fees.
 Patients are also eligible for savings on additional services and materials (see Value-Added Benefits below).
 Charge the patient according to our frame overage procedures. When the selected frame exceeds both the wholesale and equivalent retail allowance coverage, your patient is responsible for the
 overages exceeding his or her retail frame allowance at 80% of U&C. Don’t charge your patient more than 80% of U&C on frame overage, plus any applicable sales tax.
 For more information, refer to the Providing Frames section in the VSP Manual.
 Note: 
You’ll only receive payment for frames when the lenses meet the minimum prescription criteria, unless your patient is eligible for plano lenses.
 Single vision, bifocal, trifocal, or lenticular lenses in plastic or glass
 Eye sizes up to and including 60mm
 Polycarbonate lenses for monocular patients, dependent children, and handicapped patients
 Lined multifocal lenses in all segment widths, including occupational lenses. See the Dispensing & Patient Lens Enhancements section of the VSP Manual for specific details on occupational
 lenses
 Prism and slab off
 Base curves (regardless of curve)
 Note:
 We only cover lenses that meet the minimum prescription criteria, unless your patient is eligible for plano lenses.
 Here’s our minimum prescription criteria:
 The combined power in any meridian must be ±0.50 diopter or greater in at least one eye. If not, you can apply one of the following exceptions:
 — Necessary prism is 0.50 diopter or greater in at least one eye.
 — Anisometropia is 0.50 diopter or greater in  at least one eye
 — Cylinder power is ±0.50 diopter or greater.in at least one  eye
 If your patient selects a lens enhancement that has a copay, collect the lens enhancement copay directly from the patient. You’ll be charged the VSP Choice Plan charge-back fee for those lens
 enhancements.
 Covered with Additional Copay: For lens enhancements that are covered with copay, charge the patient the patient copay listed on the VSP Choice Plan Lens Enhancements Chart or 80% of
 your U&C fees, whichever is lower, or the client-specific copay indicated on the Patient Lens Enhancement Report.
 If your patient chooses a covered lens enhancement, you’ll receive the Choice Plan covered service fee. We won’t apply a charge back.
 Note: 
Covered service fees don’t apply to polycarbonate lenses dispensed to children or handicapped patients or patients with the Federal Plan.
 To offer more customized coverage to clients and members, we’ve developed flexible lens enhancement programs that allow partial coverage for the most popular VSP lens enhancements,
 including anti-reflective (AR) coatings, photochromics, and progressives. Always refer to the online Patient Record Report and Lens Enhancements Charges report for complete information on
 lens enhancement coverage. The VSP Flexible Lens Enhancement Coverage Tip Sheet provides more information and helps you calculate patients' out-of-pocket expenses.
 Many clients provide coverage for contact lenses in lieu of prescription glasses. To be eligible for contact lens coverage, a patient must usually first be eligible for eyeglasses. Check the Patient
 Record Report for the patient's specific type of coverage and contact lens allowances. Refer to Contact Lens Benefits in the VSP Manual for more information.
 Many clients provide this coverage. Refer to the Low Vision section in the VSP Manual for more information.
 The benefits below are considered a private transaction between you and your patient. Your patient is fully responsible for payment.
 Charge 80% of U&C on additional eye exams.
 Charge 80% of U&C for additional materials when complete pairs of prescription glasses and non-prescription sunglasses and blue light filtering glasses are dispensed within 12 months of the
 exam. The benefit:
 Is based on your total U&C fee.
 Is unlimited for 12 months on or following the date of the last covered eye exam.
 Is available through any VSP doctor. Use professional judgment when evaluating prescriptions from another provider. You may request an additional exam at 80% of U&C fee.
 Applies to prescription and non-prescription lenses.
 Doesn’t apply to cleaning products or repairs of prescription lenses or frames.
 Note: 
If a patient has coverage for lenses every 12 months and a frame every 24 months, charge 80% of U&C for the frame in the year when the patient is eligible for lenses but not for a frame.
 Charge 85% of U&C on contact lens services. This benefit:
 Is subtracted from your U&C fee for evaluation, fitting, and follow-up services for prescription contact lenses.
Is unlimited for 12 months on or following the date of the covered eye exam.
 Is available through any VSP doctor. Use professional judgment when evaluating prescriptions from another provider. You may request an additional exam at 80% of U&C.
 Doesn’t apply to lenses, solutions, cleaning products, and service agreements.
 Patients are eligible for routine retinal screening as a value-added feature to complement their WellVision Exam benefit.
 Please see the Retinal Screening section of the VSP Manual for more information.
 ®
 Members receive a complimentary screening as well as preoperative and postoperative services through participating VSP doctors.
 The program includes access to either Photorefractive Keratectomy (PRK) or Laser In-Situ Keratomileusis (LASIK) at a reduced cost, up to a maximum fee to the patient of $1,500 per eye for
 PRK, $1,800 per eye for LASIK, and $2,300 per eye for Custom PRK LASIK with wavefront technology using the microkeratome only or Bladeless LASIK.
 If the laser center is offering a temporary price reduction, VSP members will receive 5% off the advertised price if it is less than the usual discount price.
 Please see the Laser VisionCare program page on VSPOnline for information on how to participate or for a list of participating facilities.
 The Diabetic Eyecare Plus Program provides medical eye care services for members with diabetic eye disease, glaucoma, or age-related macular degeneration (AMD). Retinal screening is also
 available to eligible patients who have diabetes but don’t show signs of diabetic eye disease.
 Please see the Diabetic Eyecare Plus Program section for more information.
 SM
 The VSP Choice Plan may also be sold with the following supplemental plans:
 Note: If your patient chooses a covered lens enhancement, there’s no charge. If your patient selects any other lens enhancements, charge the patient according to the VSP Choice Plan Lens
 Enhancements Chart or your U&C fees, whichever is lower. You may charge 80% of your U&C fees for lens enhancements not listed on the VSP Choice Plan Lens Enhancements Charts. You’ll be
 charged back the VSP Choice Plan lab fee for those lens enhancements.
 See the VSP Computer VisionCare Plan section of the VSP Manual for more information.
 Note: If your patient chooses a covered lens enhancement, there’s no charge. If your patient selects any other lens enhancements charge the patient according to the VSP Choice Plan Lens
 Enhancements Charts or your U&C fees, whichever is lower. You may charge 80% of your U&C fees for lens enhancements not listed on the VSP Choice Plan Lens Enhancements Chart. You’ll be
 charged back the VSP Choice Plan lab fee for those lens enhancements.
 Doctors are paid Choice fees for the materials dispensing. See Lab instructions for materials dispensed under these supplemental plans.
 Reminder: Obtain a separate authorization for these plans and follow the plan information provided on the authorization.
 See Services Subject to Review/Audit for information regarding material record keeping requirements.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 6
 VSP EasyOptions
 For more information on VSP EasyOptions, refer to the Plans and Coverages section in the VSP Manual.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 7
 VSP Elements Program®
 For more information on VSP Elements, refer to the Plans and Coverages section in the VSP Manual.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 8
 Lab
 Refer to the Using Our Contract Lab System page in the VSP Manual.
 Online eClaim Submission: Submit orders to any contract lab through eClaim. Include all prescription information. You can choose any lab on the VSP National Contract Lab list.
 Paper Claims: Submit your orders to any contract lab on the VSP National Contract Lab list.
 The Doctor Service Report on Eyefinity will show the selected lab's contact information for each submitted order. The Lab Packing Slip also shows this information.
 You may need to remake a patient’s lenses to meet their needs. Refer to First-Time Doctor Redos in the VSP Manual for instructions.
 You can only use non-contract labs in emergencies. VSP monitors the use of non-contract labs and they may only be used in the situations below.
 Examples of emergencies include:
 Loss, theft, or breakage of prescription eyewear when your patient doesn’t own an alternate pair and can’t wear contact lenses
 Situations where your patient can’t function at work or school and doesn’t have another pair of glasses or contact lenses
 Patients whose safety and well-being will be jeopardized without the immediate delivery of their prescription eyewear
 Emergency situations don’t include:
 Instances where faster turn-around time is requested to accommodate trips, vacations, or other discretionary events
 Providing faster service when your patient has another functional pair of glasses or contacts
 Important! 
You must document the emergency that requires the use of Non-Contract Labs. Inappropriate use of Non-Contract Labs will result in the denial of services and materials.
 To submit a claim when a non-VSP lab is used, select Non-IDC Lab Invoice (Lab 0100) from the pull-down menu in the Lab Selection box on eClaim or write “Non-IDC Lab Invoice (Lab 0100)” in the
 Special Instructions area of the Materials Invoice. When submitting an emergency claim, please specify the emergency reason. Selecting an emergency reason is for documentation purposes; not
 selecting a reason does not remove the emergency requirement.
 All Lab invoices must be kept for a minimum of seven (7) years. Failure to keep Lab invoices may result in the denial of services and materials.
 Lab invoices from an outside private lab must include the following:
 Patient name
 Date ordered/date completed
 Rx
 Lens enhancements
 Style and frame type, including make and model
 You’ll be responsible for the entire cost of the lab bill and should pay the lab on a private-transaction basis. Don’t charge the patient for covered lens enhancements, you won’t receive a service
 fee for covered lens enhancements. For all other lens enhancements, charge the patient according to their plan. You won’t receive a chargeback for these lens enhancements. VSP will pay you an
 established fee of $10.50 for single vision, $23.50 for bifocal/progressive and $33.50 for trifocal, in addition to your regular dispensing fees. Use your bifocal lens-dispensing fee for progressives.
 Charge your patient according to the VSP Choice Lens Enhancements Chart or your adjusted U&C fee (whichever is lower). Don’t balance-bill the patient.
 All emergency orders are subject to review. When a claim is found to be incorrect, payments for material services will be reversed.
 Important! 
Always verify orders upon receipt by checking all lab lens enhancement codes.
 Uncut lenses can only be processed in the case of an emergency. Submit as a private order. The lab will bill their U&C fees. This should only be done on very rare occasions.
Page 9
 Submitting Claims/Billing & Reimbursement
 You may bill WellVision Exams using S0620 (routine ophthalmological examination, including refraction, new patient) or S0621 (routine ophthalmological examination, including refraction,
 established patient). Be sure to complete a comprehensive exam when using these codes, VSP pays at the comprehensive level.
 If you choose to use 920XX codes to bill your WellVision Exams, please remember to bill refraction (92015) separately for accurate reimbursement.
 WellVision Exams should be billed with the appropriate refractive error diagnosis code. Reasons for encounters diagnosis codes are also acceptable.
 Reasons for encounters diagnosis codes are payable for WellVision Exams only. Reasons for encounters diagnosis codes may not be billed as primary or as the sole diagnosis code for
 materials.
 Materials must be billed with the appropriate refractive error diagnosis code.
 Enter additional diagnosis codes if other medical conditions exist.
 Bill non-covered materials on a private invoice, even if a VSP contract lab is used. Non-covered lenses may be fabricated at any lab of your choice, including in-office labs.
 
Submit VSP Choice Plan claims following the same procedure as VSP Signature Plan claims. For additional information, refer to the Submitting Claims section in the VSP Provider Reference
 Manual.
 ® ®
 ®
 ®
 ®
 Note: 
Bill your U&C fee on two lines for progressive lenses; one for the base bifocal lenses and the second for the progressive add-on.
 Reimbursement is made according to the current VSP Choice Plan Fee Schedule. View the VSP Choice Plan Fee Schedule on VSPOnline under Administration, by clicking on Practice/Doctor
 Updates and then View or Update Fees.
 Note:
 Only Practice Administrators can view the Professional Fee Schedules. If you can’t access the fee schedule, contact Eyefinity at 877.448.0707. ®
 Codes:
 H52.01 Hypermetropia, right eye
 H52.02 Hypermetropia, left eye
 H52.03 Hypermetropia, bilateral
 H52.11 Myopia, right eye
 H52.12 Myopia, left eye
 H52.13 Myopia, bilateral
 H52.201 Unspecified astigmatism, right eye
 H52.202 Unspecified astigmatism, left eye
 H52.203 Unspecified astigmatism, bilateral
 H52.211 Irregular astigmatism, right eye
 H52.212 Irregular astigmatism, left eye
 H52.213 Irregular astigmatism, bilateral
 H52.221 Regular astigmatism, right eye
 H52.222 Regular astigmatism, left eye
 H52.223 Regular astigmatism, bilateral
 H52.31 Anisometropia
 H52.32 Aniseikonia
 H52.4 Presbyopia
 H52.511 Internal ophthalmoplegia (complete) (total), right eye
 H52.512 Internal ophthalmoplegia (complete) (total), left eye
 H52.513 Internal ophthalmoplegia (complete) (total), bilateral
 H52.521 Paresis of accommodation, right eye
 H52.522 Paresis of accommodation, left eye
 H52.523 Paresis of accommodation, bilateral
 H52.531 Spasm of accommodation, right eye
 H52.532 Spasm of accommodation, left eye
 H52.533 Spasm of accommodation, bilateral
 H52.6 Other disorders of refraction
 H52.7 Unspecified disorder of refraction
 Reasons for encounters diagnosis codes are payable for WellVision Exams only. Reasons for encounters diagnosis codes may not be billed as primary or as the sole diagnosis code for
 materials.
 ®
 Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
Codes:
 Z01.00
 Z01.01
 Z01.020
 Z01.021
 Z13.5
 Z46.0
 Z82.1
 Z83.511
 Z83.518
 Encounter for examination of eyes and vision without abnormal findings
 Encounter for examination of eyes and vision with abnormal findings
 Encounter for examination of eyes and vision following failed vision screening without abnormal findings
 Encounter for examination of eyes and vision following failed vision screening with abnormal findings
 Encounter for screening for eye and ear disorders
 Encounter for fitting and adjustment of spectacles and contact lenses
 Family history of blindness and visual loss
 Family history of glaucoma
 Family history of other specified eye disorder
Client Details and Programs
 2
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 10
 ADP TotalSource
 Instead of using their material benefit for prescription eyewear (including lens, frame, and contact lenses), eligible patients can choose to use their benefit toward approved Laser Vision Care
 (LVC) services  (LASIK, Custom LASIK, Bladeless LASIK, PRK, Custom PRK, SMILE or Contoura)..
 Eligible patients will have a $150 LVC allowance every plan year. The allowance amount applies to both eyes. The patient must be eligible for materials to receive LVC services. The patient will still
 be eligible for the standard LVC discounts.
 After surgery, patients may use their frame allowance (if eligible) for sunglasses. Coverage for sunglasses is not allowed in the same plan year as LVC services.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 11
 BCBSM-MESSA (Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan - MESSA)
 Providers will be able to locate MESSA members in the VSP system using their full SSN or by searching by name, date of birth, and the last four digits of their SSN. Should MESSA members
 present their Blue Cross/MESSA insurance card, staff should use it as identification only. MESSA members’ Enrollee ID’s are not going to be used as an identifier in the system.
 Follow VSP’s standard COB process effective January 1, 2021. When paying secondary on a MESSA Choice plan, use the standard Choice COB secondary allowances, less any applicable copay. For
 additional information, see Coordination of Benefits in the VSP Manual.
 Important!
 Effective January 1, 2021, MESSA has added 3 additional Choice Plans MESSA Vision, MESSA Vision Enhanced, and MESSA Vision Preferred. MESSA members will have the following Choice Plans
 available in addition to their existing Signature Plans*.
 *Please refer to the Signature PRM for plan benefit information.
 Plan Name
 Effective
 7.1.17
 Exam
 Copay
 Materials
 Copay
 Elective
 Contact Lens
 Allowance
 Frame
 Allowance
 VSP-3 Plus
 200 CL
 VSP-3 Plus
 250 CL
 MESSA Vision
 Choice
 MESSA
 Enhanced
 Choice
 MESSA
 Preferred
 Choice
 None
 None
 $10
 $5
 None
 None
 None
 $10
 $5
 $200
 see Note #1
 $250
 see Note #1
 $100
 $115
 $80 retail/
 $35 whlsl.
 $130 retail/
 $50 whlsl.
 $100
 Covered Lens Enhance
 ments
 Rimless drilling and mounting, all tints,
 photochromics, oversize blanks, blended and
 progressive lenses (including smart-segs),
 polarized lenses.
 Rimless drilling and mounting, all tints,
 photochromics, oversize blanks, blended and
 progressive lenses (including smart-segs),
 polarized lenses.
 Other Lens Enhancements
 Anti-reflective or mirror coating, thin-lite/hi-lite, hi-index
 lenses, progressives, polycarbonate lenses, scratch-resistant
 coatings, edge coating/ groove painting, faceting, UV 400
 coatings, roll, and polish.
 Rimless drilling and mounting, tints,
 polycarbonate for children, photochromics,
 oversize, polarized lenses and blended lenses
 $115
 None
 Note #1:
 $135
 $135
 Rimless drilling and mounting, polycarbonate
 for children, tints, photochromic, oversize,
 polarized lenses, blended lenses
 Rimless drilling and mounting, polycarbonate
 for children, tints, photochromics, oversize,
 polarized lenses, blended lenses, anti
reflective
 Standard contact lens benefit. Add your U&C fees for materials then add your professional fee for contact lens (discounted by 15%) and apply your patient’s allowance.
Page 12
 Cleveland Bakers & Teamsters H&W Fund Client Details
 Anti-reflective coatings
 Polycarbonate lenses
 Photochromic or Tinted lenses
 Progressive lenses
 Scratch-resistant coating
 UV coating
 Determine the total OOP amount and if it’s $50 or more, deduct the full $50 allowance and bill the patient the difference. If less than $50, then the patient will have no OOP cost for the
 enhancement(s).
 You will be reimbursed either the $50 allowance or the patient’s OOP expense, whichever is less.
 The Cleveland Bakers & Teamsters H&W Fund provides the following custom benefits:
 Members also have an up to $50 total allowance for any individual or combination of the following lens enhancements ordered on the primary Choice Plan benefit:
 Anti-reflective coatings, Polycarbonate lenses, Photochromic or Tinted lenses, Progressive lenses, Scratch-resistant coating, UV coating.
 The $50 total lens enhancement allowance is available every other calendar year for all relationships except Children under 12 who are eligible every calendar year.
 When the patient selects any individual or combination of these lens enhancements, they receive an additional up to a $50 total allowance towards their OOP costs:
 Calculate the patient’s OOP expenses for each of the covered lens enhancements ordered above. Patient costs are based on the Choice Plan cost-controls as indicated on the primary
 authorization.
 Examples
 Patient’s OOP is $50 or More
 1. Determine the total OOP for the covered lens enhancements.
 Progressive F in Plastic (FA) $105
 UV Coating - Backside $10
 Total:
 Important – this is the amount you will bill as your U&C fee for Lenses on Additional Pair.
 $115
 2. Deduct the $50 allowance to determine the Patient’s OOP Total.
 Patient’s lens enhancement allowance:-$50
 Patient’s OOP balance due: $65
 Patient’s OOP is less than $50
 1. Determine the total OOP for the covered lens enhancements.
 Scratch Resistant Coating $17
 Plastic Dyes - Gradient $17
 Total:
 Important – this is the amount you will bill as your U&C fee for Lenses on Additional Pair.
 $34
 2. Deduct the $50 allowance to determine the Patient’s OOP Total.
 Patient’s lens enhancement allowance:-$50
 Patient’s OOP balance due: $0
 For Up to $50 Allowance
 To receive reimbursement of the lens enhancement allowance, pull the authorization for Additional Pair. It will reflect eligibility for Lenses only.
 For Contact Lens Services
 If Contacts shows NO for eligibility, contact VSP to determine if the patient is eligible for Contact Lens Services via Interim Benefits.
 
For Up to $50 Allowance
 Bill the Lenses only benefit and indicate the patient’s Total OOP expenses as your dispensing fee. See example above for assistance with calculating.
 For Up to $50 Allowance
 In the drop-down menu, select Lab 100 for the Additional Pair benefit only.
 Reimbursement of the up to $50 allowance will be paid under the Additional Pair benefit which you may need to tie back to the patient's primary Choice Plan EOP for reconciliation.
 For assistance concerning these custom benefits, contact VSP at 800.615.1883.
 Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 13
 Cigna Healthy Rewards—Vision Network Savings Program
 Important! 
If updates are made to the VSP Choice Access Plan, those changes will apply to Cigna’s Vision Network Savings Program.
 VSP administers the Vision Network Savings Program under Cigna's Healthy Rewards Program. The program provides savings for routine vision services and materials to all Cigna members
 through a Cigna Vision provider.
 The plan is a VSP Choice Access plan with regional pricing on certain vision services and materials (see below for savings and prices). Prices are determined regionally, and services are available
 through VSP's Choice Network of doctors. Savings may be used an unlimited number of times during the patient's enrollment as a Cigna member.
 There are no authorizations or claims to file—just bill the patient directly after applying the appropriate savings and regional prices.
 All Cigna medical, dental, vision, pharmacy, behavioral health, and voluntary plan members are eligible for the program and can receive savings on routine vision services and materials from a
 Cigna Vision provider.
 Eligibility for the Vision Network Savings Program will not be available online—you won’t be able to obtain an authorization or file a claim with VSP.
 If the patient has routine coverage available, please use that coverage first.
 The savings are available when patients pay privately for services and materials—they aren’t combined with any other routine vision coverage.
 Please Note: 
Some Cigna members may have routine benefits directly through Cigna. If benefits can't be verified with VSP, apply the Vision Network Savings Program benefits, charge the patient, and advise
 him or her to contact Cigna to find out if he or she can submit a claim directly to Cigna.
 Important! 
There are no authorizations or claims to file—just bill the patient directly.
 Charge patient 80% of U&C for exam fees or the regional exam pricing listed below for your region.
 Compare and charge the patient the lower of the two.
 Provide the level of exam needed to determine your patient’s visual health status.
 Savings only applies to services and procedures included in a WellVision Exam. It doesn’t apply to additional diagnoses and treatment.
 Eligible patients get savings on frames, lenses, lens enhancements, and non-prescription sunglasses and blue light filtering glasses. Use professional judgment when evaluating prescriptions
 from another doctor.
 Please provide the following savings and follow the regional pricing when providing services to Cigna members through the Vision Network Savings Program.
 Savings of 25% on the retail price of the frame.
 For all lenses, charge patients 80% of U&C fees or the regional lens prices listed below for your region.
 Compare and charge the patient the lower of the two. There are also region specific pricing for single vision, bifocal, and trifocal lenses.
 Refer to the chart below to determine the appropriate pricing based on your location.
 Important! 
If updates are made to the VSP Choice Access Plan, those changes will apply to Cigna’s Vision Network Savings Program.
 Charge patients 80% of U&Cor the prices for your region as indicated below. Patients should be charged the lower of the two amounts.
State County(s) Region Exam Single Vision Bifocal (Flat Top 28) Trifocal (7x28)
 AK All 1 $90 $50 $70 $90
 AL All 4 $75 $40 $60 $75
 AR All 4 $75 $40 $60 $75
 AZ All 3 $80 $45 $65 $85
 CA Alameda, Contra Costa, Marin, Napa, San Francisco, San Mateo, Santa Clara, Solano 1 $90 $50 $70 $90
 All other counties 2 $90 $45 $65 $85
 CO All 3 $80 $45 $65 $85
 CT All 1 $90 $50 $70 $90
 DC All 1 $90 $50 $70 $90
 DE All 2 $90 $45 $65 $85
 FL All 2 $90 $45 $65 $85
 GA All 3 $80 $45 $65 $85
 HI All 1 $90 $50 $70 $90
 IA All 4 $75 $40 $60 $75
 ID All 4 $75 $40 $60 $75
 IL All 2 $90 $45 $65 $85
 IN All 4 $75 $40 $60 $75
 KS All 4 $75 $40 $60 $75
 KY All 4 $75 $40 $60 $75
 LA All 3 $80 $45 $65 $85
 MA All 1 $90 $50 $70 $90
 ME All 3 $80 $45 $65 $85
 MD All 2 $90 $45 $65 $85
 MI All 2 $90 $45 $65 $85
 MN All 3 $80 $45 $65 $85
 MO All 4 $75 $40 $60 $75
 MS All 4 $75 $40 $60 $75
 MT All 4 $75 $40 $60 $75
 NE All 4 $75 $40 $60 $75
 NC All 4 $75 $40 $60 $75
 ND All 4 $75 $40 $60 $75
 NH All 2 $90 $45 $65 $85
 NJ All 1 $90 $50 $70 $90
 NM All 3 $80 $45 $65 $85
 NV All 2 $90 $45 $65 $85
 NY Bronx, Kings, Nassau, New York, Richmond, Rockland, Suffolk Queens, Westchester 1 $90 $50 $70 $90
 All other counties 3 $80 $45 $65 $85
 OH All 3 $80 $45 $65 $85
 OK All 4 $75 $40 $60 $75
 OR All 3 $80 $45 $65 $85
 PA All 2 $90 $45 $65 $85
 PR (Puerto Rico) All 4 $75 $40 $60 $75
Polycarbonate: Charge 80% of U&C fees, not to exceed $40.
 Standard Anti-Reflective Coating (Code QM Only): Charge 80% of U&C fees, not to exceed $45.
 All other Anti-Reflective Coatings (refer to the Product Index): Charge 80% of U&C fees.
 Standard Scratch Coating (Factory Applied Only): Charge 80% of U&C fees, not to exceed $15.
 UV Coating: Charge 80% of U&C fees, not to exceed $15.
 Standard Progressive (Code KA): 80% of U&C fees, not to exceed $55 (only the amount over the base lens-flat top 28)
 Premium and Custom Progressive(Code FA, JA, NA, OA): Charge 80% of additional U&C cost for the progressive (only the amount over the base lens—flat top 28).
 Higher Powers: Charge 80% of additional U&C cost for high powers lenses.
 All Other Lens Enhancements & Features: Charge 80% of U&C fees.
 Charge patients 85% of U&C.
 Charge patients as usual.
 Charge 80% of U&C.
 State County(s) Region Exam Single Vision Bifocal (Flat Top 28) Trifocal (7x28)
 RI All 2 $90 $45 $65 $85
 SC All 4 $75 $40 $60 $75
 SD All 4 $75 $40 $60 $75
 TN All 4 $75 $40 $60 $75
 TX All 3 $80 $45 $65 $85
 UT All 3 $80 $45 $65 $85
 VA All 3 $80 $45 $65 $85
 VT All 3 $80 $45 $65 $85
 WA All 2 $90 $45 $65 $85
 WI All 4 $75 $40 $60 $75
 WV All 4 $75 $40 $60 $75
 WY All 4 $75 $40 $60 $75
 US Virgin Islands All 4 $75 $40 $60 $75
 Progressive Lenses
 You can use this example to help determine what to bill a patient for a progressive lens. In this example, the practice is located in Arkansas (or Region 4).
 Bifocal Base Lens
 Bifocal (Flat Top 28) U&C $100
 Deduct 20% ($20)-$20
 Bifocal Lens
 vs.
 $80
 vs.
 Not-to-exceed regional maximum (Region 4 = $60)* $60
 Patient Bifocal Price
 (Use the lower of the regional price or 80% of U&C fee)
 $60
 Progressive Add-On
 Premium Progressive U&C $220
 Minus Bifocal U&C (Use Flat-Top 28)-$100
 Premium Progressive Add-On Price $120
 Deduct 20% ($24)-$24
 Patient Premium Progressive Add-On Price $96
 TOTAL Patient Cost
 Bifocal price
 Plus Progressive add-on price
 $60
 +$96
 Total Patient out-of-pocket for Bifocal and Progressive $156
 *Important!
 Please refer to the Lenses section above to determine the appropriate bifocal maximum for your region based on your office location.
 Lab work can be done on a private invoice basis using any lab, including in-office labs.
LASIK discounts are not included through the Vision Network Savings Program administered by VSP. Please have patients contact Cigna Member Services at the phone number or Web site on
 their ID card for more information.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 14
 Cigna Vision
 As of January 1, 2025, VSP will no longer administer Cigna Vision Serviced by VSP Benefits. For members seeking services on or after January 1, 2025, please refer member to Cigna to identify
 their new carrier.
 If looking to file a claim for date of service on or before December 31, 2024, please review the details in the sections below.
 Note:
 If members have questions regarding their benefits prior to January 1, 2025, please refer them to Cigna Vision Customer Service at 877.478.7557. Use your current VSP eligibility, authorization,
 and claims processes for Cigna Vision patients, including calling VSP for questions at 800.615.1883. If they have questions regarding their benefits as of January 1, 2025, please refer them to
 Cigna to identify their new carrier.
 Please check eligibility for routine services with VSP first for Cigna members to ensure claims are billed to the appropriate insurance carrier as some members may have routine benefits directly
 through Cigna.
 Cigna Vision has some exceptions to coverage that are slightly different than our other plans. The Patient Record Report (a.k.a. authorization) will indicate the following exceptions:
 Polycarbonate lenses
 These lenses are covered for children under the age of 19. The authorization will indicate them as a covered lens enhancement.
 Oversize lenses
 These lenses are covered regardless of the eye size.
 Value Added Benefits
 Cigna Vision members qualify to receive a savings on exams and contact lens services through the Cigna Healthy Rewards Vision Network Savings Program. Members also receive lenses and lens
 enhancements at 80% of U&C, and frames at 75% of U&C even when a complete pair of glasses isn’t ordered. Please refer to the Cigna Healthy Rewards-Vision Network Savings Program Client
 Detail Page for more detailed information.
 Allowance Plans - Remaining Allowance
 Cigna Vision members with an Exam Plus or Access Indemnity plan, with a combined material allowance, can apply any unused portion of the material allowance at a later date, within the same
 eligibility period (i.e. calendar year), to additional materials or services. Some exceptions may apply. See the Patient Record Report for any client exceptions Members can’t carry forward balances
 from a past eligibility period. Call VSP at 800.615.1883 to determine available allowances and to obtain an authorization.
 Material copays don't apply to visually necessary contact lenses. Don't collect material copays from patients receiving visually necessary contact lenses, unless indicated in special comments.
 We reimburse for services or materials provided to Cigna Vision members four times a month. Your normal Explanation of Payment (EOP) shows your Cigna Vision patients. In addition to your
 standard EOPs, you may receive an EOP for additional payment cycles, if you billed VSP for services or materials for a Cigna Vision Patient. For questions, call VSP at 800.615.1883.
 The following Cigna Vision clients have unique exceptions as indicated below.
 Progressive Lenses
 This plan has a $70 allowance for progressive lenses, with a $40 copay. The authorization includes a comment code, indicating the allowance amount. If progressive lenses are ordered, subtract
 the copay from your adjusted U&C fees, and then subtract the $70 progressive allowance. Bill your patient the remaining balance. You may use any lab on a private invoice basis.
 Here's an example of how to bill the patient:
 Progressive U&C
 Deduct 20%
 Subtotal
 Subtract Copay (Patient Pays)
 Subtotal
 Subtract Progressive Allowance
 Remaining Balance
 $50 balance & $40 copay
 Patient Pays
 $200.00-$40.00
 $160.00-$40.00
 $120.00-$70.00
 $50.00
 $90.00
 Lab Selection Instructions
 To choose a lab on eClaim:
 VSP contract lab - to send the order to a VSP contract lab, simply enter the lab ID number in the lab ID field in eClaim. This is a private transaction between your office and the lab. You’ll
 receive a lab bill.
 Non-VSP contract lab - to send the order to a non-VSP contract lab, choose lab 100 from the eClaim drop down menu. Also submit your lab order directly to the lab of your choice. eClaim
 won’t forward your order to any lab. This is a private transaction between your office and the lab. You'll receive a lab bill.
 Lens Enhancements
If your patient selects progressive lenses and also orders covered lens enhancements, don’t charge your patient for the lens enhancements. You’ll receive both the covered service fee and the
 VSP Choice Plan chargeback fee (we usually pay this fee to the lab) for the covered lens enhancement(s) provided. Please refer to the VSP Choice Plan Lens Enhancements Chart (see exception
 below).
 Exception: rimless mount and pink 1 and 2 tints are considered part of the allowance. No additional payment will be made for these enhancements.
 If other lens enhancements are ordered with the progressive lens, charge the patient 80% of your U&C.
 Important! 
Apply these special handling procedures to patients selecting progressive lenses. Follow normal plan procedures for any other selected lens type.
 Contact Lens Coverage
 In addition to a routine WellVision exam, patients are also covered for contact lens services (fitting and evaluation). Patients can choose to use their benefits towards an exam, contact lens
 services (fitting and evaluation) and either glasses (lens and frame) or contact lenses.
 The contact lens allowance is based on the type of contact lenses that are dispensed. For non-disposable contacts, the allowance is $180. For disposable contacts, the allowance is $230.
 Contact lens materials are eligible once per lifetime. The patient can receive contact lens materials and a frame in the same eligibility period.
 Visually Necessary Contact Lenses
 This plan has a $230 allowance for necessary contact lenses. Follow normal procedures to determine if the patient meets the visually necessary contact lens criteria and bill your patient the
 remaining balance. The patient is covered in full for contact lens services (fitting and evaluation). Use the patient's Additional Pair benefit to bill the contact lens services.
 Contact lens coverage
 In addition to a routine WellVision exam, patients are also covered for contact lens services (fitting and evaluation). Patients can choose to use their benefits towards an exam, contact lens
 services (fitting and evaluation), and either glasses (lens and frame), or contact lenses.
 Visually Necessary Contact Lenses
 This plan has a $170 allowance for both visually necessary contact lenses and elective contact lenses (ECL). If your patient requires visually necessary contact lenses, bill as elective contact lenses.
 Apply the allowance to 85% of your U&C for the contact lens services (fitting and evaluation) fees and your U&C for contact lens material fees. Bill your patient the remaining balance.
 Progressive lenses
 All progressive lenses are covered with a $40 copay.
 Claim Submission
 Please include all services and/or materials, when submitting claims for SEIU members, including those not covered by their Cigna Vision benefits (additional pairs, etc.). The charges can be
 added to the FSA field on eClaim. Refer to the Flexible Spending Account section in the VSP Manual for more information.
 SEIU - Union Plan
 Visually Necessary Contact Lenses
 This plan has a $40 allowance for both visually necessary contact lenses (NCL) and elective contact lenses (ECL). If your patient requires visually necessary contact lenses, bill as elective contact
 lenses. Apply the allowance to 85% of your U&C for the contact lens services (fitting and evaluation) fees and your U&C for contact lens material fees. Bill your patient the remaining balance.
 Progressive lenses
 All progressive lenses are covered with a $50 copay.
 Claim Submission
 Please include all services and/or materials, when submitting claims for SEIU members, including those not covered by their Cigna Vision benefits (additional pairs, etc.). The charges can be
 added to the FSA field on eClaim. Refer to the Flexible Spending Account section in the VSP Manual for more information.
 Progressive lenses
 This plan has a $105 allowance for progressive lenses. The authorization includes a comment code, indicating the allowance amount. If progressive lenses are ordered, subtract the allowance
 from 80% of your U&C fees. Bill your patient the remaining balance. You may use any lab on a private invoice basis.
 Lab Selection Instructions
 To choose a lab on eClaim:
 VSP contract lab - to send the order to a VSP contract lab, simply enter the lab ID number in the lab ID field in eClaim. This is a private transaction between your office and the lab. You'll
 receive a lab bill.
 Non-VSP contract lab - to send the order to a non-VSP contract lab, choose “lab 100” from the eClaim drop down menu. Also submit your lab order directly to the lab of your choice. eClaim won't
 forward your order to any lab. This is a private transaction between your office and the lab. You'll receive a lab bill.
 Lens Enhancements
 If your patient selects progressive lenses and also orders any covered lens enhancements, don't charge the patient for the lens enhancements. You’ll receive both the covered service fee and the
 VSP Choice Plan chargeback fee (we usually pay this fee to the lab) for the covered lens enhancement(s) provided. Please refer to the VSP Choice Plan Lens Enhancements Chart. Please note, if
 there are no service fees or charge back amounts listed (i.e. rimless mounting and pink tints 1&2), the lens enhancement is considered covered in the allowance and no additional payment will
 be made
 If other lens enhancements are ordered with the progressive lens, charge the patient 80% of U&C for the lens enhancement.
 Important! 
Apply these special handling procedures to patients selecting progressive lenses. Follow normal plan procedures for any other selected lens type.
 Allowances
This plan has a $999.98 combined allowance for any combination of exam, lenses, lens enhancements, frames, and contacts. Apply allowance to adjusted U&C for exam, glasses, and contact lens
 services. You may bill the patient the remaining balance. Remaining balance may be used later if not exhausted with first claim. Call VSP Provider Services to determine remaining allowance and
 issue auth.
 Frequency
 Member and dependents are available for the full allowance every January 1st of even numbered years. Call VSP Provider Services at 800.615.1883.
 Cigna has some clients that cover services in full for members under the age of 19 and/or members 19 and over.
 The plans can be VSP Choice, Exam Plus with Allowance, or Access Indemnity. The coverage is identified with a comment code that indicates patients are covered in full for one pair of glasses or
 a one year supply of disposable contacts or one pair of conventional contacts, including the contact lens services (fitting and evaluation).
 Contact lens materials will be reimbursed according to the Covered Contact Lens plan. The contact lens services will be reimbursed at 85% of your U&C fees. Dispensing an annual supply at one
 time is required under these plans. VSP should only be billed for an annual supply of lenses and shouldn't be billed for additional lenses. Additional lenses should be handled as a private
 transaction between you and the patient.
 Full pair of glasses will be reimbursed at 80% of your U&C fees, including lens enhancements. Covered lens enhancements include - Oversize, UV coating, scratch coating, polycarbonate and tints
 (solid & plastic gradient).
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 15
 Commonwealth Care Alliance Client Details
 Two pairs of single vision eyeglasses, one for near vision and one for distance vision, are covered in lieu of multifocal eyeglasses only when one or more of the following conditions exists:
 The member's Rx cannot be made into bifocal lenses
 The member is unable to adjust to bifocals
 The member has a disability or is at an advanced age that precludes adjustment of bifocals
 The member's occupation makes bifocals hazardous
 The member has marked facial asymmetry
 DIOPTER CHANGE >= .50 DIOPTERS or
 AXIS CHANGE >= 15 DEGREES or
 PRISM CHANGE >= .50 DIOPTERS
 See Interim Benefits in the Plans and Coverages section for more information.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 16
 FCA - Stellantis Represented Employees Client Details
 (AKA Fiat Chrysler Automotive or Chrysler Stellantis)
 FCA - Stellantis Represented Employees receive the following custom benefit provisions:
 $7.50 Copay applies to ECL
 15% Discount off CL Materials Overages
 Interim Benefits for Myopia Management of Dependent Children
 Interim Benefits for Type 1 Diabetics
 And for the HBU, and NTC Active Unions only, they also access to the Preferred Laser Vision Care benefit every four years.
 Patients have an Exam And $90 Contact Lens Allowance with a $7.50 copay plus a 15% discount off contact lens material overages.
 This client requires subtracting their $7.50 copay from the total charged, rather than from the contact lens allowance. Subtract copay from total of discounted fitting, evaluation and U&C material
 charge. Follow instructions below.
 First, did the patient receive any contact lens professional services? If no, skip to section: example when only materials are provided.
 If yes, then determine whether your total charges (85% of U&C fitting & evaluation plus materials) is more or less than the patient’s $90 contact lens allowance. Then follow the corresponding
 example within section: examples when both professional services and materials are provided.
 Examples – When only Materials are Provided
 1. Determine your U&C material charge and subtract $7.50 copay.
 Your U&C fee for contact lens materials:
 Patient’s copay:
 Remaining balance:
 2. Subtract the $90 contact lens allowance from the remaining balance.
 Contact lens allowance:
 Contact lens materials overage:
 3. Deduct 15% from any Contact Lens materials overage.
 Remaining overage:
 15% materials discount:
 $150- $7.50
 $142.50-$90
 $52.50
 $52.50-$7.87
 Final Patient Out-of-Pocket Cost:
 Examples - When both Professional Services and Materials are Provided
 $44.63
 
Remaining balance is less than Contact Lens $90 Allowance
 1. Subtract the $7.50 copay from your Total Fess to determine the remaining balance.
 Total Fees (Professional Services and CL Materials):
 Patient's copay:
 $80-$7.50
 Remaining balance: $72.50
 2. Subtract the $90 contact lens allowance from this total.
 Contact lens allowance-$90
 Final balance due: $0
 Remaining balance is more than Contact Lens $90 Allowance
 1. Subtract the $7.50 copay from your professional fees.
 85% of your U&C fee for fitting and evaluation:
 Patient’s copay:
 $30-$7.50
 Remaining professional fee balance: $22.50
 2. Subtract the professional fee balance from the $90 contact lens allowance from professional fee balance.
 Contact lens allowance: $90
 Remaining professional fee balance:-$22.50
 Remaining contact lens allowance: $67.50
 3. Subtract remaining contact lens allowance from U&C materials.
 Your U&C fee for contact lens materials: $150
 Remaining contact lens allowance:-$67.50
 Contact Lens Materials Overage: $82.50
 4. Deduct 15% from any Contact Lens materials overage.
 Remaining overage: $82.50
 15% materials discount:-$12.37
 Final Patient Out-of-Pocket Cost: $70.13
 Note: 
Our online Savings Statement will not automatically calculate copays or overages for ECL members of this client.
 The FCA - Stellantis Represented Employees have the following interim benefits when benefit criteria are met:
 Insulin-dependent diabetics (Type 1) will be eligible for an eye exam every January 1 after last eligible exam covered by the vision plan with a $5 copay. If the exam reveals a prescription change
 of .50 diopter or more and/or 10 degrees of axis change or more, new lenses will be provided with a $7.50 copay according to vision benefits provided by the plan annually. Ensure you indicate
 your patient’s Type 1 diabetes in their chart.
 Dependent children up to their 19th birthday are eligible to receive a yearly exam with a $5 copay and new lenses, subject to a $7.50 copay with a prescription change of a -.50 diopter or more
 for.
 (For HBU, SBU and NTC Active Unions only)
 Total (both eyes) allowance of $350 once every four years, instead of prescription eyewear.
 Divisions 3001 – 3006 only - In addition to using their material benefit for prescription eyewear (including lens, frame, and contact lenses), eligible patients may use their benefit toward approved
 Laser Vision Care (LVC) services (LASIK, Custom LASIK, Bladeless LASIK, PRK, Custom PRK, SMILE or Contoura).
 Eligible patients will have a $350 total LVC allowance available once every four (4) plan years. The allowance amount applies to both eyes. The patient may be eligible for materials, in addition to
 LVC services. The patient will still be eligible for the standard LVC discounts.
 Please note: eligibility may not show online. Contact VSP to confirm and/or receive authorization.
To receive an authorization for either Interim Benefits or Preferred Laser Vision Care, contact VSP.
 For assistance concerning these custom benefits, contact VSP at 800.615.1883.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 17
 Federal Employees Dental and Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP)
 10-digit MEMBER ID Numbers FEDVIP:
 As of January 1, 2022, VSP started issuing all FEDVIP members a 10-digit Member ID number. Practices should use this Member ID to authorize benefits for your FEDVIP VSP patients in place of
 their Social Security Number.
 If a patient asks where they can find their 10-digit Member ID, they can simply log in to their vsp.com account as they normally would and navigate to their Member ID card. Their ID card will be
 updated with this new number, and they can print it at any time.
 ™
 ™
 FEDVIP members with the VSP High Option plan are covered for TechShield anti-reflective (AR) coatings and have a $20 allowance for non-TechShield AR coatings. Review the Patient Record
 Report and the Patient Lens Enhancement Charges Report to calculate the correct charges, if any.
 Prescription eyewear orders for FEDVIP members are fulfilled through a nationwide network that includes VSPOne Optical Technology Centers and more than 50 other contract labs. Based on
 the materials requested, eClaim at eyefinity.com will display a list of labs available to complete your order. Orders will be routed according to the claim submission date rather than the date of
 service.
 Some FEDVIP members may have routine vision coverage through their health plan. Effective January 1, 2025, the Postal Services Health Benefit (PSHB) program will begin. It will provide health
 insurance to eligible USPS employees, retirees, and their families. Postal Service employees and annuitants must enroll in a PSHB plan to maintain health coverage through the Postal Service.
 If the member and provider participate in 
both FEHB/PSHB and FEDVIP, the lesser of the contractual plan allowances will prevail. This means the office will need to calculate the cost to the
 member under each plan; the plan that has the least out-of-pocket cost to the member will be Primary.
 Please confirm the health plan information with your patient and verify that the health plan will cover your services.
 If the health plan covers:
 Exam Only: Bill us as primary for materials. Coordinate benefits for the routine exam per the guidance above to ensure least out-of-pocket cost to the member. If the health plan is determined
 to be primary, submit a paper claim to us after you receive payment from the health plan, along with a copy of the health plan's explanation of benefits.
 Exam and Material: Coordinate benefits for the routine exam and materials per the guidance above to ensure least out-of-pocket cost to the member. If the health plan is determined to be
 primary, submit a paper claim to us after you receive payment from the health plan, along with a copy of the health plan's explanation of benefits.
 If the health plan doesn't cover your services, bill us as primary.
 Reimbursements are based on the VSP Choice Plan secondary COB allowance. For more information, refer to the COB Between Health Plans and VSP Plans section of the VSP Manual.
 Note: 
If the federal employee’s health benefit (FEHB) or United Postal Health benefit (PSHB) plan is an HMO and you’re not a participating provider under that plan, then bill us as primary.
 Eyefinity's eClaim will display messages when patients have routine vision coverage through their health plan, indicating that coordination of benefits may apply. The IVR system and faxed
 authorizations will have similar messages. These messages aren't available for practices using the Practice Management Interface software.
 Closed Network Access
 FEHB/PSHB Plan Type
 Fee-for-Service (FFS)
 Health Maintenance
 Organization (HMO)
 Open Network Access
 Point of Service (POS)
 Members must obtain medical services from network providers.
 FFS and HMOs are the two FEHB/PSHB plan types offered by the FEDVIP. Some FFS and HMO plans offer POS products, allowing the member to choose from
 a designated network of providers or non-network providers at an additional cost.
 Health plan in which doctors receive a fee for each covered service. The plan will either pay the medical provider directly or reimburse the member for
 covered services after the member has paid the invoice and filed an insurance claim. FFS plans offer open network access, allowing the member to receive
 medical care from any doctor.
 Health plan in which members receive care through a network of doctors in designated service areas. HMOs offer closed network access.
 Note: If the federal employee’s health benefit (FEHB) plan or postal service health benefit (PSHB) plan is an HMO and you are not a participating provider
 under that plan, then bill VSP as primary.
 Members can obtain medical services from in-network or out-of-network providers.
 A product offered by HMO or FFS plans. With an HMO plan, the POS product allows the member to see providers who are not part of the HMO network,
 paying higher deductibles and co-insurances for their services. Members must file a claim for reimbursements.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 18
 MetLife Vision
 Patients will identify their coverage as "MetLife Vision". Most will not be issued a member ID card; however, patients may print their own member ID card at metlife.com.
 When you request an authorization, the Patient Record Report will indicate "METLIFE VISION MEMBER" in the Special Information – Group Comments section. Be sure to carefully review the
 copays, allowances, and covered lens enhancements on the Patient Record Report.
 If eligibility is not verified, patient may be enrolled in another MetLife product through Versant Health; either Davis or Superior.
 ®
 Your practice will request an authorization, submit claims, and be reimbursed just as you would for a VSP Choice Plan patient.
 Important! 
If the patient provides the program code MET2020 or displays a MetLife VisionAccess Program wallet card, they are eligible for the MetLife VisionAccess Program pricing in lieu of the VSP Choice
 Plan value-added benefits. (Eligibility for the MetLife VisionAccess Program is not in the system and will not appear on the Patient Record Report.) For details on administering the benefit, please
 see the MetLife VisionAccess Program page.
 Remember, patients won't know that VSP is the third-party administrator for MetLife Vision. Use the MetLife-branded patient forms returned with the authorization or download them from
 the Forms Library under Administration on VSPOnline.
 Practices should call VSP at 800.615.1883 with any questions. Please refer patients with questions to MetLife Vision Customer Service:
 MetLife Vision – Call 855.MET.EYE1 (855.638.3931).
 MetLife VisionAccess Program – Call 800.ASK.4MET (800.275.4638).
 Benefits are underwritten by Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, New York, NY. In certain states, availability of MetLife's group vision benefits is subject to regulatory approval.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 19
 MetLife VisionAccess Program
 VSP administers the MetLife VisionAccess Program, providing MetLife members with benefits for routine vision services and materials through VSP Choice Network providers.
 ®
 The plan is a VSP Choice Access plan with regional pricing on certain vision services and materials. Prices are determined regionally.
 There are no authorizations or claims to file—just bill the patient directly after applying the appropriate benefits and regional prices available an unlimited number of times.
 Important! 
The MetLife VisionAccess Program is separate from MetLife Vision, although some members may be eligible for both. Be sure to check eligibility on eyefinity.com to see if the patient is also
 eligible for MetLife Vision. For details on administering the benefit, please see the MetLife Vision page.
 Members who provide the program code MET2020* (or display an optional MetLife VisionAccess Program wallet card) during their office visit are eligible.
 Eligibility for the MetLife VisionAccess Program is not available online—you won’t be able to obtain an authorization or file a claim with VSP.
 If the patient has routine coverage available, please use that coverage first.
 The savings are available when patients pay privately for services and materials; they aren’t combined with any other routine vision coverage.
 Important! 
There are no authorizations or claims to file—just bill the patient directly.
 Download a printable regional schedule. Your region, as noted at the top of the report, determines the prices for the eye exam and lenses.
 
Alameda
 Contra Costa
 Marin
 Napa
 San Francisco
 San Mateo
 Santa Clara
 Solano
 All Other Counties
 State/County Region
 Alabama 4
 Alaska 1
 Arizona 3
 Arkansas 4
 California
 1
 1
 1
 1
 1
 1
 1
 1
 2
 Colorado 3
 Connecticut 1
 Delaware 2
 District of Columbia 1
 Florida 2
 Georgia 3
 Hawaii 1
 Idaho 4
 Illinois 2
 Indiana 4
 Iowa 4
 Kansas 4
 Kentucky 4
 Louisiana 3
 Maine 3
 Maryland 2
 Massachusetts 1
 Michigan 2
 Minnesota 3
 Mississippi 4
 Missouri 4
 Montana 4
 Nebraska 4
 Nevada 2
 New Hampshire 2
 New Jersey 1
 New Mexico 3
 
Bronx
 Kings
 Nassau
 New York
 Queens
 Richmond
 Rockland
 Suffolk
 Westchester
 All Other Counties
 Charge patients 80% of U&C or the price listed in the MetLife VisionAccess Regional Schedule for your region, whichever is lower for eye exam.
 Provide the level of exam needed to determine your patient's visual health status.
 Savings only applies to services and procedures included in a WellVision Exam. It doesn't apply to additional diagnoses and treatment.
 Charge 75% of U&C for the retail price of the frame.
 For all lenses, charge patients 80% of U&C or the price listed in the MetLife VisionAccess Regional Schedule for your region (see above).
 Compare the fee and the regional price; charge the patient the lower of the two.
 There are also region-specific prices for single vision, bifocal, and trifocal lenses. Refer to the MetLife VisionAccess Regional Schedule for your region (see above) to determine the appropriate
 pricing.
 State/County Region
 New York
 1
 1
 1
 1
 1
 1
 1
 1
 1
 3
 North Carolina 4
 North Dakota 4
 Ohio 3
 Oklahoma 4
 Oregon 3
 Pennsylvania 2
 Puerto Rico 4
 Rhode Island 2
 South Carolina 4
 South Dakota 4
 Tennessee 4
 Texas 3
 Utah 3
 Vermont 3
 Virginia 3
 Washington 2
 West Virginia 4
 Wisconsin 4
 Wyoming 4
 Eligible patients receive savings on frames, lenses, lens enhancements, and plano sunglasses. Use professional judgment when evaluating prescriptions from another doctor.
 Please provide the following savings or regional pricing, when providing services to patients eligible for the MetLife VisionAccess Program.
 Frame
 Lenses
 Charge patients 75% of U&C for frames, 80% of U&C for lenses, or the regional pricing as indicated in the MetLife VisionAccess Regional Schedule for your region (see above).
 Lens Enhancements
Polycarbonate: Charge 80% of U&C fees, not to exceed $40.
 Standard Anti-Reflective Coating (Code QM Only): Charge 80% of U&C fees, not to exceed $45.
 All other Anti-Reflective Coatings (refer to the Product Index: Charge 80% of U&C fees.
 Standard Scratch Coating (Factory Applied Only): Charge 80% of U&C fees, not to exceed $15.
 UV Coating: Charge 80% of U&C fees, not to exceed $15.
 Standard Progressive (code KA): Charge 80& of U&C fees, not to exceed $55 (only the amount over the base lens-flat top 28)
 Premium and Custom Progressive (Code JA, FA, NA, OA): Charge 80% of additional U&C cost for the progressive (only the amount over the base lens—flat top 28).
 Higher Powers: Charge 80% of additional U&C cost for high powers lenses.
 All Other Lens Enhancements & Features: Charge 80% of U&C fees.
 Charge patient 85% of U&C fee.
 Charge patients as usual.
 Charge 80% of U&C fees.
 Progressive Lenses
 You can use this example to help determine what to bill a patient for a progressive lens. In this example, the practice is located in Arkansas.
 Bifocal Base Lens
 Bifocal (Flat Top 28) U&C $100
 Deduct 20%($20)-$20
 80% of U&C Bifocal Lens fees
 vs.
 $80
 vs.
 Regional price (Arkansas = $60)* $60
 Patient Bifocal Price
 (Use the lower fee.)
 $60
 Progressive Add-On
 Premium Progressive U&C $220
 Minus Bifocal U&C (Flat Top 28)-$100
 Premium Progressive Add-on Price $120
 Deduct 20%($24)-$24
 Patient Premium Progressive Add-on Price $96
 TOTAL Patient Cost
 Patient Bifocal price
 Plus Patient Progressive add-on price
 $60
 +$96
 Total Patient out-of-pocket for Bifocal and Progressive $156
 *Important! 
Please refer to the Lenses section above to determine the bifocal price for your region based on your office location.
 Contact Lens Exam Services (Fitting & Evaluation)
 Contact Lens Materials
 Plano Sunglasses and Blue Light Filtering Glasses
 Lab work can be done on a private invoice basis using any lab, including in-office labs.
 Refer to the Laser VisionCare section of the VSP Manual for information. Coverage mirrors the VSP Laser VisionCare Program offered with the VSP Choice Access Program. SM
 Practices should call VSP at 800.615.1883 with any questions.
 Please refer patients with questions to MetLife VisionAccess Customer Service at 800.ASK.4MET (800.275.4638).
 MetLife VisionAccess is a savings program and not an insured benefit. It is provided through VSP Vision Care, Rancho Cordova, CA. VSP is not affiliated with Metropolitan Life Insurance Company
 or its affiliates.
 Note: 
Any changes to VSP Choice Access Plan apply to MetLife’s VisionAccess Program.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 20
 Principal Financial Group
 ®
 ®
 All Principal plans are on the Choice Network with participating retails chains, VSP Choice Plan , which includes a fully covered VSP WellVision Exam and quality prescription eyewear featuring
 the lowest out-of-pocket costs with our lens enhancements savings and wholesale frame pricing guarantee.
 Retirees: Please refer to VSP Vision Savings Pass in the Client Details section for further information.
 Current employees and dependents: Please refer to VSP Choice Plan and VSP Exam Plus Plan for further information.
 Principal identifies members by a unique nine-digit ID number referred to as a member or privacy ID. Members can find this number on principal.com or on the Principal mobile app.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 21
 VSP Eyes of Hope gift certificates ensure adults and children in need, including those affected by disaster, can access quality eye care and prescription glasses at no cost through a local VSP
 network doctor. The certificates are distributed through our national network of charitable partners, including the American Red Cross, Lions Clubs, National Association of School Nurses, and
 Prevent Blindness. As a Choice Network doctor, you’ll be reimbursed when you see patients with a certificate. Learn more at vspproviderhub.com/eyes-of-hope.
 VSP Eyes of Hope offers two types of charitable gift certificates that provide no-cost eye exams and glasses through Choice Network doctors for adults and children who qualify:
 VSP Eyes of Hope gift certificates are distributed to adults and children in need through national and regional strategic partners and at local outreach events with charitable and community
 partners throughout the U.S. Gift certificates provide access to an exam, frame, and lenses. People who have coverage for an exam through another means, but not for frames and lenses, can
 use a gift certificate to get the prescription glasses they need.
 Disaster Relief gift certificates are distributed through the American Red Cross and VSP Eyes of Hope mobile clinics to adults and children who need eye care or have lost or damaged their
 glasses during a disaster.
 ®
 Patients have been pre-qualified by a charitable partner to meet program eligibility, and your practice will be reimbursed for the eye care and glasses you provide just as if the patient is a VSP
 member with a VSP Choice Plan . Please review the following information carefully, for details on what is covered.  
If you are not currently a Choice Network provider, please refer the patient back to VSP at 800.877.7195 to find a participating provider.
 If you have any questions about the program, call VSP Customer Care at 800.615.1883.
 Check Validity
 Each patient may use one gift certificate every 12 months; patients must present a gift certificate within the expiration date to receive charitable services. The date format printed on the gift
 certificates is in the YYYY.MM.DD format. For example, 2022.06.01 is June 1, 2022. Please check to make sure the certificate is being redeemed before the expiration date noted on the front and
 refer the patient back to the partner organization to obtain a new gift certificate if necessary. Unfortunately, VSP can’t accept claims on expired gift certificates, and the expiration dates cannot be
 extended.
 Check Patient Eligibility
 ®
 If patient has a Social Security number (SSN), check whether the patient has active coverage by using the “Member Search” button through eClaim on Eyefinity or by calling VSP customer
 service. Only the last four digits of the SSN are required. If no patient record appears, or if the patient does not have an SSN, proceed to the next step to validate the gift certificate. However,
 having an SSN is no longer a requirement for the individual to receive services or for the doctor to be compensated. Any discussion involving the SSN will be between the doctor and patient.
 NOTE: 
A patient who does not have an SSN will not be a member in the VSP system.
 From the eInsurance tab, select the “Gift Certificate” button, enter the letters “GC” followed by the gift certificate number printed on the front (example: GC0000001), and click “GO.”
 Create the patient record using the pre-printed “Patient ID” number on the front.
 Once the patient record has been created, check benefits covered via the VSP Provider Reference Manual for Choice or the “Patient Record” tab in eInsurance.
 NOTE: 
It may take 10-15 minutes after the authorization is created for the data to display.
 A ‘Patient ID’ number is pre-printed on the gift certificates. This number is to be entered into the Patient ID field in eInsurance.
 Electronic claims
 Submit the claim as you would for any VSP plan.
 Paper claims
 Keep a copy of the certificate in your patient’s file. Call 800.615.1883 if you have questions about submitting a paper claim.
 Exam only - Submit the original certificate to us with a completed CMS-1500 claim form.
 Exam and materials for Disaster Relief and VSP Eyes of Hope gift certificates – Submit the original certificate, a completed CMS-1500 claim form, and a completed VSP Materials Invoice form to a
 VSP wholly-owned lab. Please follow all other normal lab processing procedures; reserve private lab use for emergencies only.
 NOTE: 
Use Patient ID number in place of SSN on the CMS-1500 claim form. See instructions in ‘Get an Authorization Number’ section above.
 ®
 ®
 VSP Eyes of Hope gift certificates, including Disaster Relief gift certificates, cover any Marchon or Altair frame brand less than or equal to a $57 wholesale or $150 retail allowance. Brands with
 fully covered frames include Marchon NYC and Lenton and Rusby. Extra $20 does not apply. 
While patients do receive a 20% discount on the overage when selecting a frame over the wholesale and retail allowance, the intent is to cover a frame in full whenever possible. 
To add Marchon and Altair frames to your dispensary covered by the program, please contact your Account Executive. The collections can be viewed at marchon.com and altaireyewear.com
 Lens benefits are noted in the section below.
 Because VSP Eyes of Hope gift certificate programs are designed to provide a comprehensive eye exam and prescription glasses at no cost to those in need, VSP strongly encourages all VSP
 network doctors not to collect sales tax from these patients for covered materials.
 Save a copy of the gift certificate in your patient’s file.
 The below information relates to each specific gift certificate type. Verify the coverage before providing services to ensure that you’ll be reimbursed.
 Eye care services and prescription eyewear are not available if already covered through a private insurer and/or a government program such as Medicaid.
 Children covered by the VSP Access Plan may qualify if they meet all other eligibility criteria. Need clarification? Call VSP.
 Only one gift certificate can be redeemed in any 12-month period. Glasses that are lost, stolen, or broken within 12 months after a previous certificate is redeemed won’t be covered or replaced.
have a family income at or under 200% of the Federal Poverty Level guidelines;
 not have used a VSP program in the last 12 months.
 VSP Eyes of Hope Full-Coverage Gift Certificates
 VSP Eyes of Hope gift certificates are distributed to adults and children in need through charitable and community partnerships within the U.S. Gift certificates provide access to an exam,
 frame, and lenses for all ages. Vision therapy benefits and some lens enhancements are covered for individuals 19 years old and younger.
 PATIENT COVERAGE
 Eligibility To use this gift certificate, the patient must:
 If the patient has coverage for a routine exam but not materials, bill the exam through other vision insurance and use the gift certificate for materials only.
 Glasses that are lost, stolen, or broken within 12 months after a certificate is redeemed can’t be covered or replaced.
 Exam/ProfSvcs Covered - Every 12 months
 Lens Covered - Every 12 months if manufacturer is "Generic" or "VSP"
 If manufacturer is not "Generic" or "VSP" it is "Not Allowed"
 Frame Covered - Every 12 months
 Benefit VSP Choice Plan®
 Network Choice
 Lab Use Must be processed through an approved VSPOne Technology Center (Lab) from the eClaim drop-down menu. ®
 Please follow all other standard lab processing procedures; reserve private lab use for emergencies.
 Low Vision Criteria applies. Please see Low Vision in the Plans & Coverages section for further information.
 Vision Therapy For individuals 19 years old and younger only. Criteria applies. Please see Vision Therapy in the Plans & Coverages section for further information.
 Coordination of Benefits COB rule 9: COB isn't allowed. Call VSP at 800.615.1883 for client exceptions and specific instructions.
 Retinal Screening Charge the lesser of $39 or U&C
 PLAN DETAILS
 Co-Payments Exam $0, Lens $0, Frame $0
 Co-pay does not apply to NCL
 Frame Allowance Frames are covered up to $150.00 (wholesale $57) for Marchon and Altair Eyewear brands frames. ® ®
 If the frame exceeds wholesale and retail allowance, the patient pays the retail overage.
 If the frame exceeds wholesale and retail allowance, the patient pays the retail overage after a 20% discount.
 For patient-supplied frames:
 Patient may re-use their own existing frame; doctor can bill on Eyefinity as patient supplied.
 If patient chooses a new non-Marchon or non-Altair frame, the frame is not covered by VSP under this program and patient is responsible for the cost of the
 frame.
 If you need to add Marchon and Altair frames to your dispensary that are covered by the program, please contact your Sales Representative or Customer Service:
 Marchon (800) 645-1300/Altair (800) 505-5557. The collections can be viewed at marchon.com and altaireyewear.com.
 Necessary Contact
 Lenses (NCL)
 Criteria applies. Please see Necessary Contact Lenses in the Plans & Coverages section for further information. Copay $0.
 Value Added Benefits 20% off a complete additional pair of glasses, including plano sunglasses, from a VSP doctor within 12 months of routine exam.
 15% off contact lens exam services from a VSP doctor for 12 months on or following date of routine exam.
 LENS ENHANCEMENT
 DETAILS
 Polycarbonate lenses are covered for patients 19 years old or younger, and for adults (ages 20 and above) with monocular vision (Call 800.615.1883 to obtain
 authorization for Polycarbonate lenses for monocular prescriptions).
 Please see Lenses on Materials Coverage section for more information.
 Lens enhancements listed as “N” or “Non-covered” are not available to the patient and will invalidate the materials portion of the claim. If a claim is submitted
 with non-covered lens enhancements, the provider will be responsible for the lab bill and for the entire cost of all materials.
 Anti-reflective Coatings N/A - Not Allowed for age 20 and above
 Covered for age 19 and below with Additional Copay if manufacturer is "Generic" or "VSP"
 If manufacturer is not "Generic" or "VSP" it is "Not Allowed"
 Aspheric (plastic & digital) Covered with Additional Copay if manufacturer is "Generic" or "VSP"
 If manufacturer is not "Generic" or "VSP" it is "Not Allowed"
 Blended Bifocal N/A - Not Allowed for age 20 and above
 Covered for age 19 and below with Additional Copay if manufacturer is "Generic" or "VSP"
 If manufacturer is not "Generic" or "VSP" it is "Not Allowed"
 Edge Treatments N/A - Not Allowed for age 20 and above
 Covered for age 19 and below with Additional Copay, 80% of U&C
 Glass Color Coatings N/A - Not Allowed for age 20 and above
 Covered for age 19 and below with Additional Copay, 80% of U&C
(Call 800.615.1883 to obtain authorization for Polycarbonate lenses for monocular prescriptions)
 VSP Eyes of Hope Full-Coverage Gift Certificates
 High Index N/A - Not Allowed for age 20 and above
 Covered for age 19 and below with Additional Copay if manufacturer is "Generic" or "VSP"
 If manufacturer is not "Generic" or "VSP" it is "Not Allowed"
 Mirror/Ski Type Coating N/A - Not Allowed for age 20 and above
 Covered for age 19 and below with Additional Copay, 80% of U&C
 Near Variable Focus Covered with Additional Copay if manufacturer is "Generic" or "VSP"
 If manufacturer is not "Generic" or "VSP" it is "Not Allowed"
 Oversize Lenses Covered
 Photochromics N/A - Not Allowed for age 20 and above
 Covered for age 19 and below with Additional Copay
 Plastic Dyes (Gradient) N/A - Not Allowed for age 20 and above
 Covered for age 19 and below with Additional Copay
 Plastic Dyes (Solid color
 except Pink I & II)
 N/A - Not Allowed for age 20 and above
 Covered for age 19 and below with Additional Copay
 Polarized N/A - Not Allowed for age 20 and above
 Covered for age 19 and below with Additional Copay if manufacturer is "Generic" or "VSP"
 If manufacturer is not "Generic" or "VSP" it is "Not Allowed"
 Polycarbonate Covered for age 19 and below if manufacturer is "Generic" or "VSP"
 If manufacturer is not "Generic" or "VSP" it is "Not Allowed"
 Covered for 20 and above, only for monocular prescription if manufacturer is "Generic" or "VSP".
 If manufacturer is not "Generic" or "VSP" it is "Not Allowed".
 Progressives N/A - Not Allowed for age 20 and above
 Covered for age 19 and below with Additional Copay if manufacturer is "Generic" or "VSP"
 If manufacturer is not "Generic" or "VSP" it is "Not Allowed"
 Rimless Drill N/A - Not Allowed for age 20 and above
 Covered for age 19 and below
 Scratch Resistant Coatings N/A - Not Allowed for age 20 and above
 Covered for age 19 and below with Additional Copay if manufacturer is "Generic" or "VSP"
 If manufacturer is not "Generic" or "VSP" it is "Not Allowed"
 Solid Tints and Plastic
 Dyes (Pink I & II)
 Covered
 UV Protection N/A - Not Allowed for age 20 and above
 Covered for age 19 and below
 *Coverage applies to Polycarbonate only, see the lens enhancement charges tab to view patient charges.
 This information does not guarantee patient eligibility, patient coverage, or payment to providers. Confirmation of eligibility will be determined upon receipt of the claim by VSP.
 Disaster Relief Gift Certificates
 Disaster Relief gift certificates are distributed through the American Red Cross and VSP Eyes of Hope mobile clinics to adults and children who need eye care or have lost or damaged their
 glasses during a disaster.
 PATIENT COVERAGE
 ELIGIBILITY To use this gift certificate, the patient must:
 need eye care due to a disaster or have lost or damaged eyewear during a disaster;
 not have used another gift certificate in the last 12 months.
 VSP members are NOT eligible for Disaster Relief gift certificates, as VSP will reinstate benefits for members who need eye care or replacement glasses as a result
 of a disaster. Patients covered by the VSP Access Plan may qualify for Disaster Relief gift certificates if they meet all eligibility criteria. Call VSP to clarify the
 member’s VSP coverage or reinstate benefits.
 Exam/ProfSvcs Covered - Every 12 months
 Lens Covered - Every 12 months if manufacturer is "Generic" or "VSP"
 If manufacturer is not "Generic" or "VSP" it is "Not Allowed"
 Frame Covered - Every 12 months
 Benefit VSP Choice Plan®
 Network Choice
 
Patient Pays
 For age 20 and above, without monocular prescription: Patient Pays
 VSP Eyes of Hope Full-Coverage Gift Certificates
 Lab Use Must be processed through an approved VSPOne Technology Center (Lab) from the eClaim drop-down menu. ®
 Please follow all other standard lab processing procedures; reserve private lab use for emergencies.
 Low Vision Criteria applies. Please see Low Vision in the Plans & Coverages section for further information.
 Vision Therapy Not Covered
 Coordination of Benefits COB rule 9: COB isn't allowed. Call VSP at 800.615.1883 for client exceptions and specific instructions.
 Retinal Screening Charge the lesser of $39 or U&C
 PLAN DETAILS
 Co-Payments Lens $0, Frame $0
 Co-pay does not apply to NCL
 Frame Allowance Frames are covered up to $150.00 (wholesale $57) for Marchon and Altair Eyewear brands frames. ® ®
 If the frame exceeds wholesale and retail allowance, the patient pays the retail overage.
 If the frame exceeds wholesale and retail allowance, the patient pays the retail overage after a 20% discount.
 If patient chooses a new non-Marchon or non-Altair frame, the frame is not covered by VSP under this program and patient is responsible for the cost of the
 frame.
 If you need to add Marchon and Altair frames to your dispensary that are covered by the program, please contact your Sales Representative or Customer Service:
 Marchon (800) 645-1300/Altair (800) 505-5557. The collections can be viewed at marchon.com and altaireyewear.com.
 Necessary Contact
 Lenses (NCL)
 Criteria applies. Please see Necessary Contact Lenses in the Plans & Coverages section for further information. Copay $0.
 Value Added Benefits 20% off a complete additional pair of glasses, including plano sunglasses, from a VSP doctor within 12 months of routine exam.
 15% off contact lens exam services from a VSP doctor for 12 months on or following date of routine exam.
 LENS ENHANCEMENT
 DETAILS
 Polycarbonate lenses are covered for patients 19 years old or younger, and for adults (ages 20 and above) with monocular vision (Call 800.615.1883 to obtain
 authorization for Polycarbonate lenses for monocular prescriptions).
 Adult patients without monocular prescriptions can opt to pay for polycarbonate lenses.
 Please see Lenses on Materials Coverage section for more information.
 Disaster Response Gift Certificates now allow patients the option to cover the cost of certain lens enhancements labeled “Patient Pay.” However, the gift
 certificate program is intended to help patients affordably replace essential eyewear lost/damaged due to a disaster. Please do not actively upsell patients who
 may not be able to afford the cost of enhancements.
 Lens enhancements listed as “N” or “Non-covered” are not available to the patient and will invalidate the materials portion of the claim. If a claim is submitted
 with non-covered lens enhancements, the provider will be responsible for the lab bill and for the entire cost of all materials.
 Anti-reflective Coatings Patient Pays
 Aspheric (plastic & digital) Covered with Additional Copay if manufacturer is "VSP"
 If manufacturer is not "VSP" it is "Not Allowed"
 Blended Bifocal Patient Pays
 Edge Treatments Patient Pays
 Glass Color Coatings Patient Pays
 High Index Patient Pays
 Mirror/Ski Type Coating Patient Pays
 Near Variable Focus Covered with Additional Copay if manufacturer is "VSP"
 If manufacturer is not "VSP" it is "Not Allowed"
 Oversize Lenses Covered
 Photochromics Patient Pays
 Plastic Dyes (Gradient) Patient Pays
 Plastic Dyes (Solid color
 except Pink I & II)
 Patient Pays
 Polarized
 Polycarbonate Covered for age 19 and below if manufacturer is "Generic" or "VSP"
 If manufacturer is not "Generic" or "VSP" it is "Not Allowed"
 Covered for 20 and above, only for monocular prescription if manufacturer is "Generic" or "VSP".
 If manufacturer is not "Generic" or "VSP" it is "Not Allowed".
 (Call 800.615.1883 to obtain authorization for Polycarbonate lenses for monocular prescriptions)
 Progressives Patient Pays
 Rimless Drill Patient Pays
 Scratch Resistant Coatings Patient Pays
VSP Eyes of Hope Full-Coverage Gift Certificates
 Solid Tints and Plastic
 Dyes (Pink I & II)
 UV Protection
 Plano
 Covered
 Patient Pays
 N/A – Not Allowed
 *Coverage applies to Polycarbonate only, see the lens enhancement charges tab to view patient charges.
 This information does not guarantee patient eligibility, patient coverage, or payment to providers. Confirmation of eligibility will be determined upon receipt of the claim by VSP.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 22
 Commonspirit Health, Catholic Health Initiatives, & Dignity Health (AKA CSH, CHI) 
(excluding Sierra Nevada Memorial Hospital & St. Joseph’s Regional Health)
 Members of CommonSpirit Health and related entities are covered under VSP’s Choice Plan effective 1/1/2024.
 VSP providers will receive their Choice Plan assigned fees for all services, except exams. For exams, the client has the following client-specific provider reimbursement:
 $50 Exam
 You will see the following message code for members of CommonSpirit Health while reconciling your Explanation of Payment (EOP):
 CS = Service reimbursed per Client-Specific Fee Schedule. Please refer to the Client Detail page in the PRM for additional information.
 Patients are not to be balanced-billed the difference between your assigned Choice exam fee and the client-specific exam fee.
 (AK)
 VSP providers will receive their Choice Plan assigned fees for all services, except exams. For exams, the client has the following client-specific provider reimbursement:
 $70 Exam
 You will see the following message code for members of CommonSpirit Health while reconciling your Explanation of Payment (EOP):
 CS = Service reimbursed per Client-Specific Fee Schedule. Please refer to the Client Detail page in the PRM for additional information.
 Patients are not to be balanced-billed the difference between your assigned Choice exam fee and the client-specific exam fee.
 For assistance regarding your EOP and this custom exam reimbursement, contact VSP at 800.615.1883.
 ®
®
 3
 VSP Choice Plan Lens Enhancements Charts
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 23
 ®
 VSP Choice Plan Lens Enhancements Charts
 ®
 September 1, 2024 VSP Choice Plan Lens Enhancements Chart
Choice Exam Plus Plans
 4
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 24
 CHOICE EXAM PLUS PLANS
 Covered comprehensive eye exams are generally available to your patient once every 12 or 24 months on a service year, fiscal year, or calendar year basis. Provide the level of exam necessary to
 determine your patient's eye health and visual status.
 Choice Exam Plus Plan and Choice Exam Plus with Allowances Plan eye exam fees are made according to your Choice Network Fee Schedule.
 We'll pay exam services once per eligibility period. Don't balance bill for exams.
 Note: 
Avoid reduced reimbursements. Bill separately for refraction (92015). Your Choice Network Fee Schedule lists your refraction fee.
 Choice Exam Plus and Choice Exam Plus with Allowances patients are entitled to savings on glasses and contact lens services. Choice Exam Plus with Allowances patients are eligible for
 additional materials benefits based on a client-determined schedule of allowances. Refer to VSP Exam Plus and Exam Plus with Allowances in the VSP Manual for more information.
 Lab work is handled privately. You may supply lenses through any lab, including in-office labs.
Exam Plus Savings Plan
 5
 ®
 June 27, 2023 Signature Plan Lens Enhancements Chart
 March 1, 2021 Signature Plan Lens Enhancements Chart
 ®
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 ™
 Page 25
 Exam Plus Savings Plan
 Exam Plus Savings Plan is a new Choice product that offers patients a covered exam, less any copay, and a competitive national lens fee schedule, special pricing on lens enhancements, and
 savings* on frames and contact lens exams.
 Obtain eligibility on eyefinity.com or by calling VSP at 800.615.1883.
 Exam Plus Savings Plan is listed on the VSP Patient Record Report under Benefit.
 Note: 
Coordination of benefits is allowed; refer to the Choice Secondary Allowance for exam only.
 Covered comprehensive eye exams are generally available to your patient once every 12 or 24 months on a service year, fiscal year, or calendar year basis. Provide the level of exam necessary to
 determine your patient’s eye health and visual status.
 Eye exam fees are made according to your Choice Network Fee Schedule, less applicable copay.
 Deduct 20% on additional eye exams, including if only a refraction is performed.
 Is unlimited for 12 months on or following the date of the last eye exam.
 Retinal screening: patients pay $39 or your U&C fee, whichever is lower.
 Use the following to charge eligible patients for frames, lenses, and lens enhancements when a complete pair of prescription glasses is dispensed.
 Eligible patients can receive unlimited complete sets of prescription glasses from any VSP doctor.
 Is unlimited for 12 months on or following the date of the last covered eye exam.
 Patient is not required to receive exam from your office to receive material savings
 Use professional judgment when evaluating prescriptions from another doctor. If necessary, you can request an additional routine exam at 80% of U&C.
 Frame: patients pay 75% of the retail price of the frame.
 Base lenses: patients pay a flat rate for base lenses, as follows:
 Single vision
 Bifocal
 Trifocal
 Lenticular
 Progressive
 $40
 $60
 $75
 $75
 $60 base lens + Choice lens enhancement fee
 Lens enhancements: use the Choice Plan Lens Enhancements Chart to determine patient pricing for lens enhancements.
 Be aware of the following materials requirements:
 Note: 
Claims that don’t meet these requirements will be denied.
 Must provide complete pairs of glasses with both lenses and frame
 Only complete sets of lenses (includes balance lenses)
 Proprietary lens and frame are not allowed
 Frame must be doctor-supplied (not lab or patient-supplied)
 In-office finishing or the use of a non-VSP Network Lab is not allowed.
 VSP only covers frames that are used for prescription lenses that meet VSP’s minimum prescription criteria (refractive error is at least +/- 0.50 diopter).
 Non-prescription glasses or sunglasses: charge 80% of U&C for complete pairs of non-prescription glasses or sunglasses and blue light filtering glasses dispensed within 12 months of the
 exam.
 Charge eligible patients 85% of U&C for contact lens exam services (F&E) and follow-up services, and 100% of U&C for contact lens materials.
 Applies to services for prescription contact lenses only.
 Is unlimited for 12 months on or following the date of the last eye exam.
 Is available through any VSP doctor. Use professional judgment when evaluating prescriptions from another doctor.
 Discount doesn’t apply to contact lens materials, solutions, cleaning products, or service agreements.
 The benefits are considered a private transaction between you and your patient; your patient is responsible for paying for the services or materials.
 Note: 
Handle contact lens services and materials as a private transaction, no claim submission required. If submitted, contact lens services will be denied.
 Orders must be sent to a VSP Network Lab. Use of a private lab or in-office finishing is not allowed and will cause the claim to deny.
 Patients are eligible for the Laser VisionCare Program. Refer to the VSP Laser VisionCare Program page in the VSP Manual.
 See the Laser VisionCare Program section under Programs on VSPOnline at eyefinity.com for information on how to participate or for a list of participating facilities.
 Claims may be submitted on eClaim or on paper. See the Submitting Claims section in the VSP Manual for details.
 Professional Services
 Eye exam: you’ll be reimbursed by VSP according to your Choice Network fees.
 Contact lens exam (fitting and evaluation): patient pays you directly at 85% U&C.
 Retinal screening: patient pays you directly, up to $39.
 Materials
 Note: 
The patient pays the material fees to your office directly. Just like any other VSP Choice Plan, VSP pays the lab on your behalf—so the "VSP Pays Doctor" column on your EOP will show a negative
 amount.
 Base lenses: you'll be reimbursed according to your Choice Network fees.
 Lens enhancements: your service fees and chargebacks will be calculated as usual based on the VSP Choice Plan Lens Enhancement chart to cover material costs.
 Contact lenses: patient pays 100% of U&C directly to you.
 Non-prescription glasses or sunglasses: patient pays 80% of U&C directly to you.
 Frame: Your frame compensation is calculated using the wholesale frame allowance (up to $57), plus your Choice Plan frame dispensing fee, plus 80% of the retail price over $150, which is the
 same as your Choice fees.
 Example: Patient chooses a frame with a retail price of $200 and wholesale cost of $76.
 Patient Pays: 
Retail frame price
 Subtract 25% savings
 Patient pay
 $200-$50
 $150
 VSP Choice compensation allowed amount:
 Wholesale frame allowance
 Choice Network frame dispensing (varies by practice)
 80% of the retail price over $150 (80% of $50 = $40)
 Total compensation
 Retail frame price
 Subtract 25% savings
 Patient pay
 $200
 $57
 +$19
 +$40
 $116-$50
 $150
 The difference between what the patient pays and the total compensation amount is a chargeback (-$34).
 The chargeback is collected from the patient’s payment to cover administrative costs of the program.
 *VSP does not require providers to provide discounts on non-covered services in states where it’s prohibited by law to require it. However, unless you’ve opted out, you should continue to
 provide all Value Added Benefits to all VSP members. For more information, including details regarding how to opt out, call VSP at 800.615.1883.
VSP Choice Access Plan
 6
Page 26
 VSP Choice Access Plan
 Verify eligibility through eyefinity.com or call VSP at 800.615.1883.
 You can view the Patient’s Record Report for plan information including savings information and regional pricing.
 Savings only applies to services and procedures included in a WellVision Exam . It doesn’t apply to additional diagnoses and treatment.
 Deduct 20% from your U&C fees for a WellVision Exam and then compare the fee to the pricing for your region--charge the patient the lower of the two.
 Charge 80% of U&C fees for base lenses up to the regional member fee.
 Polycarbonate: Charge 80% of U&C fees or $40, whichever is less.
 Standard Anti-Reflective Coating (Code QM Only): Charge 80% of U&C fees or $45, whichever is less.
 All other Anti-Reflective Coatings (refer to the Product Index): Charge 80% of U&C fees.
 Standard Scratch Coating (Factory Applied Only): Charge 80% of U&C fees or $15, whichever is less.
 UV Coating: Charge 80% of U&C fees or $15, whichever is less.
 Standard Progressive (Code KA): Charge 80% of U&C fees or $55, whichever is less (only the amount over the base lens – flat top 28).
 Premium and Custom Progressive (Code FA, JA, NA, OA): Charge 80% of the additional U&C cost for the progressive (only the amount over the base lens—flat top 28).
 Higher Powers: Charge 80% of the additional U&C cost for high powers lenses.
 All Other Lens Enhancements & Features: Charge 80% of U&C fees.
 Charge 75% of U&C.
 Savings don’t apply if the frame manufacturer prohibits discounts.
 Charge 85% of U&C fees for contact lens services (fitting and evaluation) for prescription lenses only.
 Charge 100% of your U&C fees for contact lens materials, solutions, or cleaning products.
 ®
 The VSP Choice Access Plan is a savings plan with regional pricing on exams, lenses, and certain lens enhancements (listed below) that provides a savings to eligible patients when they see a VSP
 Choice Network Doctor. Benefits may be used an unlimited number of times during the patient's enrollment in the VSP Choice Access Plan.
 The plan is not available in Montana, Vermont, Washington, Guam, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands.
 Important! 
There are no authorizations or claims to file—just bill the patient directly after applying the appropriate fees.
 Provide the level of exam needed to determine your patient’s visual health status. Use professional judgment when evaluating prescriptions from another doctor. You may request an additional
 exam at 80% of U&C.
 ®
 Eligible patients get the following discounts on glasses, sunglasses, and lens enhancements for prescription and non-prescription lenses:
 Lens
 Lens Enhancements
 For progressives, subtract the U&C FT28 bifocal cost from the progressive U&C fee, and then deduct 20% off that amount.
 You can use this example to help determine what to bill a patient for a progressive lens. In this example, the practice is located in Arkansas (or Region 4).
 Bifocal Base Lens
 Bifocal (Flat Top 28) U&C $100
 Deduct 20%($20)-$20
 80% of U&C Bifocal Lens
 vs.
 $80
 vs.
 Regional bifocal price (Region 4 = $60)* $60
 Patient Bifocal Price
 (Use the lower fee)
 $60
 Progressive Add-On
 Premium Progressive U&C $220
 Minus Bifocal U&C (Use Flat-Top 28)-$100
 Premium Progressive Add-On Price $120
 Deduct 20%($24)-$24
 Patient Progressive Add-On Price $96
 TOTAL Patient Cost
 Patient bifocal price
 Plus progressive add-on price
 $60
 +$96
 Total Patient out-of-pocket for bifocal and progressive $156
 *Important! 
Please refer to the Lenses section above to determine the appropriate bifocal price for your region based on your office location.
 Frame
 Contact Lenses
 Lab work is handled privately. You may supply lenses through any lab, including in-office labs.
 Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
Refer to the Laser VisionCare section of the VSP Manual for information.
 Important! 
There are no claims to file.
 Apply the corresponding savings to your U&C fees, with the not-to-exceed maximums. Collect the appropriate fees from the patient. Handle the transaction as a private payment arrangement.
 The applicable regional prices are listed on the Patient Record Report and are also included below for your reference.
 Charge patients 80% of your U&C fees or price for your region—whichever is lower.
CA
 State County(s) Region Exam Single Vision Bifocal (Flat Top 28) Trifocal (7x28)
 AK All 1 $90 $50 $70 $90
 AL All 4 $75 $40 $60 $75
 AR All 4 $75 $40 $60 $75
 AZ All 3 $80 $45 $65 $85
 Alameda, Contra Costa, Marin, Napa, San Francisco, San
 Mateo, Santa Clara, Solano
 1 $90 $50 $70 $90
 All other counties 2 $90 $45 $65 $85
 CO All 3 $80 $45 $65 $85
 CT All 1 $90 $50 $70 $90
 DC All 1 $90 $50 $70 $90
 DE All 2 $90 $45 $65 $85
 FL All 2 $90 $45 $65 $85
 GA All 3 $80 $45 $65 $85
 HI All 1 $90 $50 $70 $90
 IA All 4 $75 $40 $60 $75
 ID All 4 $75 $40 $60 $75
 IL All 2 $90 $45 $65 $85
 IN All 4 $75 $40 $60 $75
 KS All 4 $75 $40 $60 $75
 KY All 4 $75 $40 $60 $75
 LA All 3 $80 $45 $65 $85
 MA All 1 $90 $50 $70 $90
 ME All 3 $80 $45 $65 $85
 MD All 2 $90 $45 $65 $85
 MI All 2 $90 $45 $65 $85
 MN All 3 $80 $45 $65 $85
 MO All 4 $75 $40 $60 $75
 MS All 4 $75 $40 $60 $75
 MT All Plan not sold or accepted in state. Do not provide discounts to patients from participating states. Refer them to
 a doctor in a participating state.
 NE All 4 $75 $40 $60 $75
 NC All 4 $75 $40 $60 $75
 ND All 4 $75 $40 $60 $75
 NH All 2 $90 $45 $65 $85
 NJ All 1 $90 $50 $70 $90
 NM All 3 $80 $45 $65 $85
 NV All 2 $90 $45 $65 $85
 NY Bronx, Kings, Nassau, New York, Richmond, Rockland,
 Suffolk Queens, Westchester
 1 $90 $50 $70 $90
 All other counties 3 $80 $45 $65 $85
 OH All 3 $80 $45 $65 $85
 OK All 4 $75 $40 $60 $75
 OR All 3 $80 $45 $65 $85
 PA All 2 $90 $45 $65 $85
State
 PR (Puerto
 Rico)
 RI
 SC
 SD
 TN
 TX
 UT
 VA
 VT
 WA
 WI
 WV
 WY
 County(s)
 All
 All
 All
 All
 All
 All
 All
 All
 All
 All
 All
 All
 All
 Region
 Exam
 Single Vision
 Bifocal (Flat Top 28)
 Trifocal (7x28)
 Plan not sold or accepted in state. Do not provide discounts to patients from participating states. Refer them to
 a doctor in a participating state.
 2
 4
 4
 4
 3
 3
 3
 $90
 $75
 $75
 $75
 $80
 $80
 $80
 $45
 $40
 $40
 $40
 $45
 $45
 $45
 $65
 $60
 $60
 $60
 $65
 $65
 $65
 $85
 $75
 $75
 $75
 $85
 $85
 $85
 Plan not sold or accepted in state. Do not provide discounts to patients from participating states. Refer them to
 a doctor in a participating state.
 Plan not sold or accepted in state. Do not provide discounts to patients from participating states. Refer them to
 a doctor in a participating state.
 4
 4
 4
 $75
 $75
 $75
 $40
 $40
 $40
 $60
 $60
 $60
 $75
 $75
 $75
VSP Vision Savings Pass
 7
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 27
 ®
 VSP Vision Savings Pass
 ™
 VSP Vision Savings Pass is a non-insurance product that offers patients clear, straightforward pricing for an exam and glasses. It provides a competitive national fee schedule, special pricing on
 lens enhancements, and savings* on frames and contact lens exams.
 Obtain eligibility on eyefinity.com or by calling VSP at 800.615.1883.
 VSP Vision Savings Pass is listed on the VSP Patient Record Report under Benefit.
 Note: 
Coordination of benefits is not allowed because this is a non-insurance product.
 Patients are eligible for an annual eye exam. Charge $50 for the exam with the purchase of complete pairs (lenses and frame)* of prescription glasses (bill the exam with glasses, on the same
 claim, to ensure accurate claim processing). Patients who select contacts or who don’t purchase prescription glasses pay 80% of your U&C fee for the exam.
 ®
 Savings only applies to services and procedures included in a WellVision Exam . It doesn’t apply to additional diagnoses and treatment.
 Use professional judgment when evaluating prescriptions from another doctor. You can request an additional routine exam at 80% of U&C.
 Retinal screening: patients pay $39 or your U&C fee, whichever is lower.
 See Client Exceptions below.
 Use the following to charge eligible patients for frames, lenses, and lens enhancements when a complete pair of prescription glasses is dispensed. Eligible patients can receive unlimited
 complete sets of prescription glasses or plano (non-prescription) sunglasses from any VSP doctor.
 Note: 
Patient is not required to receive exam from your office to receive savings. Use professional judgment when evaluating prescriptions from another doctor.
 Frame: patients pay 75% of the retail price of the frame.
 Base lenses: patients pay a flat rate for base lenses, as follows:
 Single vision
 Bifocal
 Trifocal
 Lenticular
 Progressive
 $40
 $60
 $75
 $75
 $60 base lens + Choice lens enhancement fee
 Lens enhancements: use the Choice Plan Lens Enhancements Chart to determine patient pricing for lens enhancements.
 Non-prescription glasses or sunglasses: charge 80% of U&C for complete pairs of non-prescription glasses or sunglasses dispensed within 12 months of the exam.
 Be aware of the following materials requirements:
 Note: 
Claims that don’t meet these requirements will be denied.
 Must provide complete pairs of glasses with both lenses and frame
 Only complete sets of lenses (includes balance lenses)
 Proprietary lens and frame are not allowed
 Frame must be doctor-supplied (not lab or patient-supplied)
 In-office finishing or the use of a non-VSP Choice Network Lab is not allowed.
 Charge eligible patients 85% of U&C for contact lens exam services (F&E) and follow-up services, and 100% of U&C for contact lens materials.
 Applies to services for prescription contact lenses only.
 Is unlimited for 12 months on or following the date of the last eye exam.
 Is available through any VSP doctor. Use professional judgment when evaluating prescriptions from another doctor.
 Discount doesn’t apply to contact lens materials, solutions, cleaning products, or service agreements.
 These benefits are considered a private transaction between you and your patient; your patient is responsible for paying for the services or materials.
 Note: 
Unless otherwise indicated on Patient Record Report, handle contact lens services and materials as a private transaction, no claim submission required. If submitted, contact lens services will be
 denied.
 Patients are eligible for the Laser VisionCare Program. Refer to the VSP Laser VisionCare Program page in the VSP Manual.
 See the Laser VisionCare Program section under Programs on VSPOnline at eyefinity.com for information on how to participate or for a list of participating facilities.
 Orders must be sent to a VSP Choice Network Lab. Use of a private lab or in-office finishing is not allowed and will cause the claim to deny.
 Claims may be submitted electronically or on paper. See the Submitting Claims section in the VSP Manual for details.
 Note: 
Be sure to bill the exam with glasses on the same claim for accurate claim processing. Don’t split the billing.
 Note: 
The patient pays the majority of the fees to your office directly. Just like any other VSP Choice Plan, VSP pays the lab on your behalf—so the “VSP Pays Doctor” column on your EOP will show a
 negative amount.
 Eye exam: When billed with prescription glasses, you’ll be reimbursed by VSP according to your Choice Network fees. Without prescription glasses, patient pays you directly at 80% U&C.
Contact lens exam (fitting and evaluation): patient pays you directly at 85% U&C.
 Retinal screening: patient pays you directly, up to $39.
 Base lenses: you’ll be reimbursed according to your Choice Network fees.
 Lens enhancements: your service fees and chargebacks will be calculated as usual based on the VSP Choice Plan Lens Enhancement chart to cover material costs.
 Contact lenses: patient pays 100% of U&C directly to you.
 Non-prescription sunglasses: patient pays 80% of U&C directly to you for complete pairs of non-prescription sunglasses and blue light filtering glasses dispensed within 12 months of the exam.
 Frame: Your frame compensation is calculated using the wholesale frame allowance (up to $57), plus your Choice Plan frame dispensing fee, plus 80% of the retail price over $150, which is the
 same as your Choice fees.
 Example: Patient chooses a frame with a retail price of $200 and wholesale cost of $76.
 Patient pays:
 Retail frame price
 Subtract 25% savings
 Patient pay
 VSP Choice compensation allowed amount:
 $200-$50
 $150
 Wholesale frame allowance
 Choice Network frame dispensing (varies by practice)
 80% of the retail price over $150 (80% of $50 = $40)
 Total compensation
 The difference between what the patient pays and the total compensation amount is a chargeback (-$34).
 The chargeback is collected from the patient’s payment to cover administrative costs of the program.
 Members of the following clients pay a flat $50 exam fee, regardless of glasses purchase:
 Vermont Health Plan (only applies to some pediatric members)
 Refer to the member’s Patient Record Report to verify patient pay amount.
 $57
 +$19
 +$40
 $116
 *VSP does not require providers to provide discounts on non-covered services in states where it’s prohibited by law to require it. However, unless you’ve opted out, you should continue to
 provide all Value Added Benefits to all VSP members. For more information, including details regarding how to opt out, call VSP at 800.615.1883.
Single Vision
 Expand All|Collapse All
 ⌃
 Lenticular Single Vision
 Bifocal
 Lenticular Bifocal
 Trifocal
 Lenticular Trifocal
 Double
 Quad
 Category C (QT)
 Category C w/ Backside UV (QT + BV)
 Category D (QV)
 Category D w/ Backside UV (QV + BV)
 Glass
 Plastic
 ⌃
 ⌃
 ⌃
 ⌃
 ⌃
 ⌃
 ⌃
 Expand All|Collapse All
 ⌃
 ⌃
 ⌃
 ⌃
 Expand All|Collapse All
 ⌃
 ⌃

=== END OF VSP_Choice_Manual_Plaintext.txt ===



=== START OF VSP_Tiers_consolidated_choice_signature_advantage_enhancedadvantage.txt ===

VSP Choice Plan
 Lens Enhancements Chart 
Effective June 27, 2023
 Revised June 27, 2023
 Use this chart to determine what to charge patients and reconcile  
your VSP® Vision Care Explanation of Payment.
 Copay
 All lens enhancements are covered after a copay. Charge patients 
the listed copay or 80% of your usual and customary fee (U&C), 
whichever is lower.
 VSP Lab Allocation
 This is the amount charged to you for lab fees. You won’t be 
charged for covered lens enhancements.
 Service Fee
 You’ll receive the listed service fee. VSP will reimburse this fee for 
covered lens enhancements. For other enhancements, this will be 
included in the copay you collect from the patient.
 Use the following chart for what to charge your patients.
ASPHERICAL AND SPHERICAL LENS STYLES SINGLE VISION MULTIFOCAL
 Code Lens Enhancement Description VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 AA Aspheric Plastic 1.50 $10 $21 $31 $14 $21 $35
 AB High-index Plastic 1.53–1.60/Trivex $29 $27 $56 $33 $27 $60
 AH High-index Plastic 1.66/1.67 $48 $35 $83 $58 $40 $98
 AJ High-index Plastic 1.70 and Above $68 $43 $111 $78 $40 $118
 AD Polycarbonate $14 $21 $35 $14 $21 $35
 AE (Lab Use Only)-----------
AF High-index Glass 1.60–1.80 (Clear) $35 $25 $60 $85 $53 $138
 DIGITAL ASPHERIC LENS STYLES SINGLE VISION MULTIFOCAL
 Code Lens Enhancement Description VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 BA Digital Aspheric Lenses – Plastic $24 $21 $45 $34 $21 $55
 BA + BB Digital Aspheric Lenses – High-index Plastic 1.53–1.60/Trivex $16 $12 $45 + $28 $16 $12 $55 + $28
 BA + BH Digital Aspheric Lenses – High-index Plastic 1.66/1.67 $37 $21 $45 + $58 $40 $28 $55 + $68
 BA + BJ Digital Aspheric Lenses – High-index Plastic 1.70 and Above $57 $29 $45 + $86-----
BA + BD Digital Aspheric Lenses – Polycarbonate $10 $0 $45 + $10 $10 $0 $55 + $10
 OCCUPATIONAL LENS STYLES SINGLE VISION MULTIFOCAL
 Code Lens Enhancement Description VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 CA (Lab Use Only)-----------
CE (Lab Use Only)-----------
POLARIZED LENS STYLES SINGLE VISION MULTIFOCAL
 Code Lens Enhancement Description VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 DA Polarized Lenses – Plastic A $36 $21 $57 $48 $29 $77
 DA + DB Polarized Lenses – High-index Plastic 1.53–1.60/Trivex $47 $29 $57 + $76 $59 $36 $77 + $95
 DA + DH Polarized Lenses – High-index Plastic 1.66/1.67 $55 $34 $57 + $89 $67 $41 $77 + $108
 DA + DJ Polarized Lenses – High-index Plastic 1.70 and Above $70 $38 $57 + $108-----
DA + DD Polarized Lenses – Polycarbonate $13 $18 $57 + $31 $13 $18 $77 + $31
 DE Polarized/Laminated Lenses – Glass $49 $29 $78 $63 $38 $101
 BIFOCAL LENS STYLES (MARK BIFOCAL BOX) SINGLE VISION MULTIFOCAL
 Code Lens Enhancement Description VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 IA Near Variable Focus – Plastic -- ---- $26 $24 $50
 IA + IB Near Variable Focus – High-index Plastic 1.53–1.60/Trivex------$11 $13 $50 + $24
 IA + II Near Variable Focus – High-index Plastic 1.66/1.67------$27 $23 $50 + $50
 IA + IJ Near Variable Focus – High-index Plastic 1.70 and Above------$36 $24 $50 + $60
 IA + ID Near Variable Focus – Polycarbonate------$7 $13 $50 + $20
 GA Blended Bifocal – Plastic------$14 $16 $30
 PLASTIC DYES SINGLE VISION MULTIFOCAL
 Code Lens Enhancement Description VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 MM (Lab Use Only)-----------
MN Plastic Dyes – Solid Color (Except Pink I and II) $5 $10 $15 $5 $10 $15
 MP Plastic Dyes – Gradient $7 $10 $17 $7 $10 $17
 
+This lens enhancement code is always in conjunction with a base lens enhancement code [shaded], e.g., IB is charged with IA. 
Please note: For children, handicapped patients, or for patients under the Federal Plan, there is no Service Fee for covered polycarbonate lenses when dispensed.
 VSP Choice Plan®
 Charge patients the listed copay or 80% of your usual and customary fee (U&C), whichever is lower.
 Effective June 27, 2023
 
*In-office Lab: For the patient lens enhancements your office can fulfill in-house, you’ll be reimbursed this listed fee for covered lens enhancements. For all other lens enhancements, this will be included in the patient 
copay you collect from the patient.
 GLASS TINTS AND COLOR COATINGS SINGLE VISION MULTIFOCAL
 Code Lens Enhancement Description VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 MQ (Lab Use Only)-----------
MR Glass Tints Solid (Except Pink I and II and Yellow) $16 $18 $34 $24 $20 $44
 MS Glass Color Coatings – Solid $22 $20 $42 $22 $20 $42
 MT Glass Color Coatings – Gradient $25 $21 $46 $25 $21 $46
 PHOTOCHROMICS SINGLE VISION MULTIFOCAL
 Code Lens Enhancement Description VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 PM Photochromics – Glass $15 $18 $33 $23 $18 $41
 PR Photochromics – Plastic $45 $30 $75 $45 $30 $75
 OTHER COATINGS SINGLE VISION MULTIFOCAL
 Code Lens Enhancement Description VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 QM Anti-reflective Coating A $21 $20 $41 $21 $20 $41
 QT Anti-reflective Coating C $41 $27 $68 $41 $27 $68
 QV Anti-reflective Coating D $52 $33 $85 $52 $33 $85
 QP Mirror – Solid and Single Gradient (Includes Base Color) $26 $23 $49 $26 $23 $49
 QR Ski Type (Includes Base Tint and Backside Color) $30 $25 $55 $30 $25 $55
 QQ Scratch-resistant Coating A – Factory Applied $7 $10 $17 $7 $10 $17
 QS Scratch-resistant Coating B – Other Approved Coatings $15 $18 $33 $15 $18 $33
 OVERSIZE SINGLE VISION MULTIFOCAL
 Code Lens Enhancement Description VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 RM Frames Stamped 61mm Eye Size or Greater – Plastic $5 $6 $11 $6 $8 $14
 RN Frames Stamped 61mm Eye Size or Greater – Glass $7 $6 $13 $10 $8 $18
 MISCELLANEOUS SINGLE VISION MULTIFOCAL
 Code Lens Enhancement Description VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 SP High Luster Edge Polish $6 $10 $16 $6 $10 $16
 SQ Edge Coating $17 $19 $36 $17 $19 $36
 SR Faceted Lenses (Includes Polishing) $41 $25 $66 $41 $25 $66
 SW Rimless Drill $25 $5 $30 $25 $5 $30
 SV UV Protection $6 $10 $16 $6 $10 $16
 BV UV Protection – Backside $7 $3 $10 $7 $3 $10
 LF Light Filter $11 $4 $15 $11 $4 $15
 TA Technical Add-On $8 $2 $10-----
SH (Lab Use Only)-----------
ST (Lab Use Only)-----------
DOCTOR SUPPLIED* SINGLE VISION MULTIFOCAL
 Code Lens Enhancement Description VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 IM Plastic Dyes – Solid Color (Pink I and II)   $5----$5---
IN Plastic Dyes – Solid Color (Except Pink I and II) $5 $10 $15 $5 $10 $15
 IP Plastic Dyes – Gradient $7 $10 $17 $7 $10 $17
 IV UV Protection $6 $10 $16 $6 $10 $16
 VSP Choice Plan
 Charge patients the listed copay or 80% of your usual and customary fee (U&C), whichever is lower.
 Effective June 27, 2023
1. The Service Fee for progressives is paid in addition to your VSP Choice Plan bifocal lens dispensing fee. 
Please note: For children, handicapped patients, or for patients under the Federal Plan, there is no Service Fee for covered polycarbonate lenses when dispensed.
 The VSP formulary is administered by Plexus Optix, Inc. and Plexus reserves the right to make any modifications or adjustments to any or all of the fees in this chart at any time.  
©2024 Vision Service Plan. All rights reserved.  
VSP and VSP Choice Plan are registered trademarks of Vision Service Plan. Unity and Ethos are registered trademarks of Plexus Optix, Inc.  
All other brands or marks are the property of their respective owners.  123631  VCDR                  Classification: Restricted
 PROGRESSIVE CATEGORIES2 AS OF 6/27/2023
 Custom
 N Unity® Via Elite II, Hoyalux iDMyStyle 2, Hoyalux iD LifeStyle 3, Maui Jim Passport 2.0, Shamir Autograph III^, Shamir Autograph 
Intelligence^, Varilux X Fit Technology^, ZEISS SmartLife Individual
 O Unity Via Plus II/Mobile II/Wrap II, Array 2^, Kodak Unique DRO, Shamir Autograph II+^, Varilux Physio W3+, Varilux X Design 
Technology^, ZEISS SmartLife Superb^/Plus/Pure
 Premium
 F Unity Via II, Hoyalux Summit, Shamir Spectrum+, Varilux Comfort Max, Varilux Physio DRx, ZEISS Progressive Light V
 J Ethos® Plus, Amplitude BKS, Kodak Precise, Shamir Element, Varilux Comfort 2, ZEISS Progressive Light H
 Standard K Ethos, Accolade, Hoyalux GP Wide, Image, Ovation, Shamir Genesis HD, synchrony Easy View HD, ZEISS Progressive Light D
 2. For a full list of progressives, please refer to the Product Index in the Manuals on VSPOnline at eyefinity.com. 
^This progressive lens is customizable for the most precise prescription. 
PROGRESSIVE
 Code Lens Enhancement Description VSP Lab Allocation Service Fee1 Patient Copay
 CM Custom Measurements (on Eligible Progressive N or O) Lenses $2 $8 $10
 NA Progressive N – Plastic $95 $80 $175
 NA + NB Progressive N – High-index Plastic 1.53–1.60/Trivex $25 $22 $175 + $47
 NA + NH Progressive N – High-index Plastic 1.66/1.67 $48 $30 $175 + $78
 NA + NJ Progressive N – High-index Plastic 1.70 and Above $77 $48 $175 + $125
 NA + ND Progressive N – Polycarbonate $15 $20 $175 + $35
 NA + NP Progressive N – Polarized $51 $31 $175 + $82
 OA Progressive O – Plastic $79 $71 $150
 OA + OB Progressive O – High-index Plastic 1.53–1.60/Trivex $25 $22 $150  + $47
 OA + OH Progressive O – High-index Plastic 1.66/1.67 $48 $30 $150  + $78
 OA + OJ Progressive O – High-index Plastic 1.70 and Above $77 $48 $150 + $125
 OA + OD Progressive O – Polycarbonate $15 $20 $150 + $35
 OA + OP Progressive O – Polarized $51 $31 $150 + $82
 FA Progressive F – Plastic $54 $51 $105
 FA + FB Progressive F – High-index Plastic 1.53–1.60/Trivex $25 $22 $105 + $47
 FA + FH Progressive F – High-index Plastic 1.66/1.67 $48 $30 $105 + $78
 FA + FJ Progressive F – High-index Plastic 1.70 and Above $77 $48 $105 + $125
 FA + FD Progressive F – Polycarbonate $15 $20 $105 + $35
 FA + FP Progressive F – Polarized $51 $31 $105 + $82
 FE Progressive F – Glass/High-index Glass (Clear) $59 $51 $110
 JA Progressive J – Plastic $46 $49 $95
 JA + JB Progressive J – High-index Plastic 1.53–1.60/Trivex $25 $22 $95 + $47
 JA + JH Progressive J – High-index Plastic 1.66/1.67 $48 $30 $95 + $78
 JA + JJ Progressive J – High-index Plastic 1.70 and Above $77 $48 $95 + $125
 JA + JD Progressive J – Polycarbonate $15 $20 $95 + $35
 JA + JP Progressive J – Polarized $51 $31 $95 + $82
 JE Progressive J – Glass/High-index Glass (Clear) $56 $49 $105
 KA Progressive K – Plastic $28 $27 $55
 KA + KB Progressive K – High-index Plastic 1.53–1.60/Trivex $25 $22 $55 + $47
 KA + KH Progressive K – High-index Plastic 1.66/1.67 $48 $30 $55 + $78
 KA + KJ Progressive K – High-index Plastic 1.70 and Above $77 $48 $55 + $125
 KA + KD Progressive K – Polycarbonate $15 $20 $55 + $35
 KA + KP Progressive K – Polarized $51 $31 $55 + $82
 KE Progressive K – Glass/High-index Glass (Clear) $53 $27 $80
 VSP Choice Plan
 Charge patients the listed copay or 80% of your usual and customary fee (U&C), whichever is lower.
 Effective June 27, 2023

VSP Signature Plan
 Lens Enhancements Chart 
Effective June 27, 2023
 Revised June 27, 2023
 Use this chart to determine what to charge patients and reconcile  
your VSP® Vision Care Explanation of Payment.
 Copay
 All lens enhancements are covered after a copay. Charge patients 
the listed copay or your usual and customary fee (U&C), whichever 
is lower.
 VSP Lab Allocation
 This is the amount charged to you for lab fees. You won’t be 
charged for covered lens enhancements.
 Service Fee
 You’ll receive the listed service fee. VSP will reimburse this fee for 
covered lens enhancements. For other enhancements, this will be 
included in the copay you collect from the patient.
 Use the following chart for what to charge your patients.
VSP Signature Plan®  
Charge patients the listed patient copay or your U&C fee, whichever is lower.
 ASPHERICAL AND SPHERICAL LENS STYLES SINGLE VISION MULTIFOCAL
 Code Lens Enhancement Description VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 AA Aspheric Plastic 1.50 $10 $13 $23 $14 $14 $28
 AB High-index Plastic 1.53–1.60/Trivex $29 $22 $51 $33 $22 $55
 AH High-index Plastic 1.66/1.67 $48 $28 $76 $58 $32 $90
 AJ High-index Plastic 1.70 and Above $68 $34 $102 $78 $32 $110
 AD Polycarbonate $19 $14 $33 $19 $14 $33
 AE (Lab Use Only)-----------
AF High-index Glass 1.60–1.80 (Clear) $35 $20 $55 $85 $42 $127
 DIGITAL ASPHERIC LENS STYLES SINGLE VISION MULTIFOCAL
 Code Lens Enhancement Description VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 BA Digital Aspheric Lenses – Plastic $26 $14 $40 $31 $14 $45
 BA + BB Digital Aspheric Lenses – High-index Plastic 1.53–1.60/Trivex $16 $11 $40 + $27 $16 $11 $45 + $27
 BA + BH Digital Aspheric Lenses – High-index Plastic 1.66/1.67 $37 $19 $40 + $56 $40 $25 $45 + $65
 BA + BJ Digital Aspheric Lenses – High-index Plastic 1.70 and Above $57 $25 $40 + $82-----
BA + BD Digital Aspheric Lenses – Polycarbonate $10 $0 $40 + $10 $10 $0 $45 + $10
 OCCUPATIONAL LENS STYLES SINGLE VISION MULTIFOCAL
 Code Lens Enhancement Description VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 CA (Lab Use Only)-----------
CE (Lab Use Only)-----------
POLARIZED LENS STYLES SINGLE VISION MULTIFOCAL
 Code Lens Enhancement Description VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 DA Polarized Lenses – Plastic A $36 $17 $53 $48 $23 $71
 DA + DB Polarized Lenses – High-index Plastic 1.53–1.60/Trivex $47 $23 $53 + $70 $59 $29 $71 + $88
 DA + DH Polarized Lenses – High-index Plastic 1.66/1.67 $55 $27 $53 + $82 $67 $33 $71 + $100
 DA + DJ Polarized Lenses – High-index Plastic 1.70 and Above $70 $30 $53 + $100-----
DA + DD Polarized Lenses – Polycarbonate $13 $14 $53 + $27 $13 $14 $71 + $27
 DE Polarized/Laminated Lenses – Glass $49 $23 $72 $63 $30 $93
 BIFOCAL LENS STYLES (MARK BIFOCAL BOX) SINGLE VISION MULTIFOCAL
 Code Lens Enhancement Description VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 IA Near Variable Focus – Plastic -- ---- $26 $20 $46
 IA + IB Near Variable Focus – High-index Plastic 1.53–1.60/Trivex------$11 $10 $46 + $21
 IA + II Near Variable Focus – High-index Plastic 1.66/1.67------$27 $18 $46 + $45
 IA + IJ Near Variable Focus – High-index Plastic 1.70 and Above------$36 $19 $46 + $55
 IA + ID Near Variable Focus – Polycarbonate------$7 $10 $46 + $17
 GA Blended Bifocal – Plastic------$14 $13 $27
 PLASTIC DYES SINGLE VISION MULTIFOCAL
 Code Lens Enhancement Description VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 MM (Lab Use Only)-----------
MN Plastic Dyes – Solid Color (Except Pink I and II) $5 $8 $13 $5 $8 $13
 MP Plastic Dyes – Gradient $7 $8 $15 $7 $8 $15
 +This lens enhancement code is always in conjunction with a base lens enhancement code [shaded], e.g., IB is charged with IA. 
Please note: If the patient is covered for plastic dyes, glass tints, or photochromics, there is no Service Fee for those lens enhancements.
 Additionally, for children or handicapped patients, there is no Service Fee for covered polycarbonate lenses when dispensed. 
Effective June 27, 2023
GLASS TINTS AND COLOR COATINGS SINGLE VISION MULTIFOCAL
 Code Lens Enhancement Description VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 MQ (Lab Use Only)-----------
MR Glass Tints Solid (Except Pink I and II and Yellow) $16 $14 $30 $24 $17 $41
 MS Glass Color Coatings – Solid $22 $16 $38 $22 $16 $38
 MT Glass Color Coatings – Gradient $25 $17 $42 $25 $17 $42
 PHOTOCHROMICS SINGLE VISION MULTIFOCAL
 Code Lens Enhancement Description VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 PM Photochromics – Glass $15 $14 $29 $23 $14 $37
 PR Photochromics – Plastic $47 $23 $70 $47 $23 $70
 OTHER COATINGS SINGLE VISION MULTIFOCAL
 Code Lens Enhancement Description VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 QM Anti-reflective Coating A $21 $16 $37 $21 $16 $37
 QT Anti-reflective Coating C $41 $20 $61 $41 $20 $61
 QV Anti-reflective Coating D $52 $23 $75 $52 $23 $75
 QP Mirror – Solid and Single Gradient (Includes Base Color) $26 $18 $44 $26 $18 $44
 QR Ski Type (Includes Base Tint and Backside Color) $30 $20 $50 $30 $20 $50
 QQ Scratch-resistant Coating A – Factory Applied $7 $8 $15 $7 $8 $15
 QS Scratch-resistant Coating B – Other Approved Coatings $15 $14 $29 $15 $14 $29
 OVERSIZE SINGLE VISION MULTIFOCAL
 Code Lens Enhancement Description VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 RM Frames Stamped 61mm Eye Size or Greater – Plastic $5 $5 $10 $6 $6 $12
 RN Frames Stamped 61mm Eye Size or Greater – Glass $7 $5 $12 $10 $6 $16
 MISCELLANEOUS SINGLE VISION MULTIFOCAL
 Code Lens Enhancement Description VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 SP High Luster Edge Polish $6 $8 $14 $6 $8 $14
 SQ Edge Coating $17 $15 $32 $17 $15 $32
 SR Faceted Lenses (Includes Polishing) $41 $20 $61 $41 $20 $61
 SW Rimless Drill $25 $5 $30 $25 $5 $30
 SV UV Protection $6 $8 $14 $6 $8 $14
 BV UV Protection – Backside $7 $3 $10 $7 $3 $10
 LF Light Filter $11 $4 $15 $11 $4 $15
 TA Technical Add-on $8 $2 $10-----
SH (Lab Use Only)-----------
ST (Lab Use Only)-----------
DOCTOR SUPPLIED* SINGLE VISION MULTIFOCAL
 Code Lens Enhancement Description VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 IM Plastic Dyes – Solid Color (Pink I and II)   $5----$5---
IN Plastic Dyes – Solid Color (Except Pink I and II) $5 $8 $13 $5 $8 $13
 IP Plastic Dyes – Gradient $7 $8 $15 $7 $8 $15
 IV UV Protection $6 $8 $14 $6 $8 $14
 Please note: If the patient is covered for plastic dyes, glass tints, or photochromics, there is no service fee for those lens enhancements. 
*In-office Lab: For the patient lens enhancements your office can fulfill in-house, you’ll be reimbursed this listed fee for covered lens enhancements. For all other lens enhancements, this will be included in the patient 
copay you collect from the patient. 
VSP Signature Plan 
Charge patients the listed patient copay or your U&C fee, whichever is lower.
 Effective June 27, 2023
PROGRESSIVE
 Code Lens Enhancement Description VSP Lab Allocation Service Fee1 Patient Copay
 CM Custom Measurements (on Eligible Progressive N or O) Lenses $2 $8 $10
 NA Progressive N – Plastic $95 $65 $160
 NA + NB Progressive N – High-index Plastic 1.53–1.60/Trivex $25 $17 $160 + $42
 NA + NH Progressive N – High-index Plastic 1.66/1.67 $48 $24 $160 + $72
 NA + NJ Progressive N – High-index Plastic 1.70 and Above $77 $38 $160 + $115
 NA + ND Progressive N – Polycarbonate $18 $15 $160 + $33
 NA + NP Progressive N – Polarized $51 $25 $160 + $76
 OA Progressive O – Plastic $75 $45 $120
 OA + OB Progressive O – High-index Plastic 1.53–1.60/Trivex $25 $17 $120 + $42
 OA + OH Progressive O – High-index Plastic 1.66/1.67 $48 $24 $120 + $72
 OA + OJ Progressive O – High-index Plastic 1.70 and Above $77 $38 $120 + $115
 OA + OD Progressive O – Polycarbonate $18 $15 $120 + $33
 OA + OP Progressive O – Polarized $51 $25 $120 + $76
 FA Progressive F – Plastic $54 $36 $90
 FA + FB Progressive F – High-index Plastic 1.53–1.60/Trivex $25 $17 $90 + $42
 FA + FH Progressive F – High-index Plastic 1.66/1.67 $48 $24 $90 + $72
 FA + FJ Progressive F – High-index Plastic 1.70 and Above $77 $38 $90 + $115
 FA + FD Progressive F – Polycarbonate $18 $15 $90 + $33
 FA + FP Progressive F – Polarized $51 $25 $90 + $76
 FE Progressive F – Glass/High-index Glass (Clear) $59 $36 $95
 JA Progressive J – Plastic $46 $34 $80
 JA + JB Progressive J – High-index Plastic 1.53–1.60/Trivex $25 $17 $80 + $42
 JA + JH Progressive J – High-index Plastic 1.66/1.67 $48 $24 $80 + $72
 JA + JJ Progressive J – High-index Plastic 1.70 and Above $77 $38 $80 + $115
 JA + JD Progressive J – Polycarbonate $18 $15 $80 + $33
 JA + JP Progressive J – Polarized $51 $25 $80 + $76
 JE Progressive J – Glass/High-index Glass (Clear) $56 $34 $90
 KA Progressive K – Plastic $30 $20 $50
 KA + KB Progressive K – High-index Plastic 1.53–1.60/Trivex $25 $17 $50 + $42
 KA + KH Progressive K – High-index Plastic 1.66/1.67 $48 $24 $50 + $72
 KA + KJ Progressive K – High-index Plastic 1.70 and Above $77 $38 $50 + $115
 KA + KD Progressive K – Polycarbonate $18 $15 $50 + $33
 KA + KP Progressive K – Polarized $51 $25 $50 + $76
 KE Progressive K – Glass/High-index Glass (Clear) $50 $20 $70
 1. The Service Fee for progressives is paid in addition to your VSP Signature Plan bifocal dispensing fee. 
Please note: For children or handicapped patients, there is no Service Fee for covered polycarbonate lenses when dispensed. 
The VSP formulary is administered by Plexus Optix, Inc. and Plexus reserves the right to make any modifications or adjustments to any or all of the fees in this chart at any time. 
©2024 Vision Service Plan. All rights reserved.  
VSP and VSP Signature Plan are registered trademarks of Vision Service Plan. Unity and Ethos are registered trademarks of Plexus Optix, Inc.  
All other brands or marks are the property of their respective owners.  123590  VCDR
 PROGRESSIVE CATEGORIES2 AS OF 6/27/2023
 Custom N Unity® Via Elite II, Hoyalux iDMyStyle 2, Hoyalux iD LifeStyle 3, Maui Jim Passport 2.0, Shamir Autograph III^, Shamir Autograph 
Intelligence^, Varilux X Fit Technology^, ZEISS SmartLife Individual
 O Unity Via Plus II/Mobile II/Wrap II, Array 2^, Kodak Unique DRO, Shamir Autograph II+^, Varilux Physio W3+, Varilux X Design 
Technology^, ZEISS SmartLife Superb^/Plus/Pure
 Premium
 F Unity Via II, Hoyalux Summit, Shamir Spectrum+, Varilux Comfort Max, Varilux Physio DRx, ZEISS Progressive Light V
 J Ethos® Plus, Amplitude BKS, Kodak Precise, Shamir Element, Varilux Comfort 2, ZEISS Progressive Light H
 Standard K Ethos, Accolade, Hoyalux GP Wide, Image, Ovation, Shamir Genesis HD, synchrony Easy View HD, ZEISS Progressive Light D
 2. For a full list of progressives, please refer to the Product Index in the Manuals on VSPOnline at eyefinity.com. 
^This progressive lens is customizable for the most precise prescription.
 VSP Signature Plan 
Charge patients the listed patient copay or your U&C fee, whichever is lower.
 Classification: Restricted
 Effective June 27, 2023

VSP Advantage
 Network
 Lens Enhancements Chart
 Effective September 1, 2024
 Revised September 1, 2024
 Use this chart to determine what to charge patients and reconcile  
your VSP® Vision Care Explanation of Payment.
 Copay
 All lens enhancements are covered after a copay. Charge patients 
the listed copay or 80% of your usual and customary fee (U&C), 
whichever is lower. For lens enhancements without a copay listed, 
charge 80% of your U&C.
 VSP Lab Allocation
 This is the amount charged to you for lab fees. You won’t be  
charged for covered lens enhancements.
 Service Fee
 VSP will reimburse this fee for covered lens enhancements. For 
other enhancements, this will be included in the copay you collect 
from the patient.
 Use the following chart for what to charge your patients.
ASPHERICAL AND SPHERICAL LENS STYLES SINGLE VISION MULTIFOCAL
 Code Lens Enhancement Description VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 AA Aspheric Plastic 1.50 $10 $21 80% of U&C $14 $21 80% of U&C
 AB High-index Plastic 1.53–1.60/Trivex $29 $27 80% of U&C $33 $27 80% of U&C
 AH High-index Plastic 1.66/1.67 $48 $35 80% of U&C $58 $40 80% of U&C
 AJ High-index Plastic 1.70 and Above $68 $43 80% of U&C $78 $40 80% of U&C
 AD Polycarbonate $14 $21 $35 $14 $21 $35
 AE (Lab Use Only)-----------
AF High-index Glass 1.60–1.80 (Clear) $35 $25 80% of U&C $85 $53 80% of U&C
 DIGITAL ASPHERIC LENS STYLES SINGLE VISION MULTIFOCAL
 Code Lens Enhancement Description VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 BA Digital Aspheric Lenses – Plastic $24 $21 80% of U&C $34 $21 80% of U&C
 BA + BB Digital Aspheric Lenses – High-index Plastic 1.53–1.60/Trivex $16 $12 80% of U&C $16 $12 80% of U&C
 BA + BH Digital Aspheric Lenses – High-index Plastic 1.66/1.67 $37 $21 80% of U&C $40 $28 80% of U&C
 BA + BJ Digital Aspheric Lenses – High-index Plastic 1.70 and Above $57 $29 80% of U&C-----
BA + BD Digital Aspheric Lenses – Polycarbonate $10 $0 80% of 
U&C + $10 $10 $0 80% of  
U&C + $10
 OCCUPATIONAL LENS STYLES SINGLE VISION MULTIFOCAL
 Code Lens Enhancement Description VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 CA (Lab Use Only)-----------
CE (Lab Use Only)-----------
POLARIZED LENS STYLES SINGLE VISION MULTIFOCAL
 Code Lens Enhancement Description VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 DA Polarized Lenses – Plastic A $36 $21 80% of U&C $48 $29 80% of U&C
 DA + DB Polarized Lenses – High-index Plastic 1.53–1.60/Trivex $47 $29 80% of U&C $59 $36 80% of U&C
 DA + DH Polarized Lenses – High-index Plastic 1.66/1.67 $55 $34 80% of U&C $67 $41 80% of U&C
 DA + DJ Polarized Lenses – High-index Plastic 1.70 and Above $70 $38 80% of U&C-----
DA + DD Polarized Lenses – Polycarbonate $13 $18 80% of U&C $13 $18 80% of U&C
 DE Polarized/Laminated Lenses – Glass $49 $29 80% of U&C $63 $38 80% of U&C
 BIFOCAL LENS STYLES (MARK BIFOCAL BOX) SINGLE VISION MULTIFOCAL
 Code Lens Enhancement Description VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 IA Near Variable Focus – Plastic -- ---- $26 $24 80% of U&C
 IA + IB Near Variable Focus – High-index Plastic 1.53–1.60/Trivex------$11 $13 80% of U&C
 IA + II Near Variable Focus – High-index Plastic 1.66/1.67------$27 $23 80% of U&C
 IA + IJ Near Variable Focus – High-index Plastic 1.70 and Above------$36 $24 80% of U&C
 IA + ID Near Variable Focus – Polycarbonate------$7 $13 80% of U&C
 GA Blended Bifocal – Plastic------$14 $16 80% of U&C
 PLASTIC DYES SINGLE VISION MULTIFOCAL
 Code Lens Enhancement Description VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 MM (Lab Use Only)-----------
MN Plastic Dyes – Solid Color (Except Pink I and II) $5 $10 $15 $5 $10 $15
 MP Plastic Dyes – Gradient $7 $10 $17 $7 $10 $17
 
+This lens enhancement code is always in conjunction with a base lens enhancement code [shaded], e.g., IB Is charged with IA.
 Please note: For children, handicapped patients, or for patients under the Federal Plan, there is no Service Fee for covered polycarbonate lenses when dispensed. 
Advantage Network
 Charge patients the listed patient copay or 80% of your U&C fee, whichever is lower. If no patient 
copay is listed, charge 80% of your U&C.
 Effective September 1, 2024
GLASS TINTS AND COLOR COATINGS SINGLE VISION MULTIFOCAL
 Code Lens Enhancement Description VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 MQ (Lab Use Only)-----------
MR Glass Tints Solid (Except Pink I and II and Yellow) $16 $18 $34 $24 $20 $44
 MS Glass Color Coatings – Solid $22 $20 80% of U&C $22 $20 80% of U&C
 MT Glass Color Coatings – Gradient $25 $21 80% of U&C $25 $21 80% of U&C
 PHOTOCHROMICS SINGLE VISION MULTIFOCAL
 Code Lens Enhancement Description VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 PM Photochromics – Glass $15 $18 $33 $23 $18 $41
 PR Photochromics – Plastic $45 $30 $75 $45 $30 $75
 OTHER COATINGS SINGLE VISION MULTIFOCAL
 Code Lens Enhancement Description VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 QM Anti-reflective Coating A $21 $20 $41 $21 $20 $41
 QT Anti-reflective Coating C $41 $27 $68 $41 $27 $68
 QV Anti-reflective Coating D $52 $33 $85 $52 $33 $85
 QP Mirror – Solid and Single Gradient (Includes Base Color) $26 $23 80% of U&C $26 $23 80% of U&C
 QR Ski Type (Includes Base Tint and Backside Color) $30 $25 80% of U&C $30 $25 80% of U&C
 QQ Scratch-resistant Coating A – Factory Applied $7 $10 $17 $7 $10 $17
 QS Scratch-resistant Coating B – Other Approved Coatings $15 $18 $33 $15 $18 $33
 OVERSIZE SINGLE VISION MULTIFOCAL
 Code Lens Enhancement Description VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 RM Frames Stamped 61mm Eye Size or Greater – Plastic $5 $6 $11 $6 $8 $14
 RN Frames Stamped 61mm Eye Size or Greater – Glass $7 $6 $13 $10 $8 $18
 MISCELLANEOUS SINGLE VISION MULTIFOCAL
 Code Lens Enhancement Description VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 SP High Luster Edge Polish $6 $10 80% of U&C $6 $10 80% of U&C
 SQ Edge Coating $17 $19 80% of U&C $17 $19 80% of U&C
 SR Faceted Lenses (Includes Polishing) $41 $25 80% of U&C $41 $25 80% of U&C
 SW Rimless Drill $25 $5 $30 $25 $5 $30
 SV UV Protection $6 $10 $16 $6 $10 $16
 BV UV Protection – Backside $7 $3 $10 $7 $3 $10
 LF Light Filter $11 $4 $15 $11 $4 $15
 TA Technical Add-on $8 $2 $10 $28 $12 $40
 SH (Lab Use Only)-----------
ST (Lab Use Only)-----------
DOCTOR SUPPLIED* SINGLE VISION MULTIFOCAL
 Code Lens Enhancement Description VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 IM Plastic Dyes – Solid Color (Pink I and II)   $5----$5---
IN Plastic Dyes – Solid Color (Except Pink I and II) $5 $10 $15 $5 $10 $15
 IP Plastic Dyes – Gradient $7 $10 $17 $7 $10 $17
 IV UV Protection $6 $10 $16 $6 $10 $16
 
*In-office Lab: For the patient lens enhancements your office can fulfill in-house, you’ll be reimbursed this listed fee for covered lens enhancements. For all other lens enhancements, this will be included in the patient 
copay you collect from the patient. 
Advantage Network
 Charge patients the listed patient copay or 80% of your U&C fee, whichever is lower. If no patient 
copay is listed, charge 80% of your U&C.
 Effective Septmeber 1, 2024
PROGRESSIVE
 Code Lens Enhancement Description VSP Lab Allocation Service Fee1 Patient Copay
 CM Custom Measurements (on Eligible Progressive N or O) Lenses $2 $8 $10
 NA Progressive N – Plastic $95 $80 $175
 NA + NB Progressive N – High-index Plastic 1.53–1.60/Trivex $25 $22 $175 + 80% of U&C2
 NA + NH Progressive N – High-index Plastic 1.66/1.67 $48 $30 $175 + 80% of U&C2
 NA + NJ Progressive N – High-index Plastic 1.70 and Above $77 $48 $175 + 80% of U&C2
 NA + ND Progressive N – Polycarbonate $15 $20 $175 + $35
 NA + NP Progressive N – Polarized $51 $31 $175 + 80% of U&C2
 OA Progressive O – Plastic $79 $71 $150
 OA + OB Progressive O – High-index Plastic 1.53–1.60/Trivex $25 $22 $150 + 80% of U&C2
 OA + OH Progressive O – High-index Plastic 1.66/1.67 $48 $30 $150 + 80% of U&C2
 OA + OJ Progressive O – High-index Plastic 1.70 and Above $77 $48 $150 + 80% of U&C2
 OA + OD Progressive O – Polycarbonate $15 $20 $150 + $35
 OA + OP Progressive O – Polarized $51 $31 $150 + 80% of U&C2
 FA Progressive F – Plastic $54 $51 $105
 FA + FB Progressive F – High-index Plastic 1.53–1.60/Trivex $25 $22 $105 + 80% of U&C2
 FA + FH Progressive F – High-index Plastic 1.66/1.67 $48 $30 $105 + 80% of U&C2
 FA + FJ Progressive F – High-index Plastic 1.70 and Above $77 $48 $105 + 80% of U&C2
 FA + FD Progressive F – Polycarbonate $15 $20 $105 + $35
 FA + FP Progressive F – Polarized $51 $31 $105 + 80% of U&C2
 FE Progressive F – Glass/High-index Glass (Clear) $59 $51 $110
 JA Progressive J – Plastic $46 $49 $95
 JA + JB Progressive J – High-index Plastic 1.53–1.60/Trivex $25 $22 $95 + 80% of U&C2
 JA + JH Progressive J – High-index Plastic 1.66/1.67 $48 $30 $95 + 80% of U&C2
 JA + JJ Progressive J – High-index Plastic 1.70 and Above $77 $48 $95 + 80% of U&C2
 JA + JD Progressive J – Polycarbonate $15 $20 $95 + $35
 JA + JP Progressive J – Polarized $51 $31 $95 + 80% of U&C2
 JE Progressive J – Glass/High-index Glass (Clear) $56 $49 $105
 KA Progressive K – Plastic $28 $27 $55
 KA + KB Progressive K – High-index Plastic 1.53–1.60/Trivex $25 $22 $55 + 80% of U&C2
 KA + KH Progressive K – High-index Plastic 1.66/1.67 $48 $30 $55 + 80% of U&C2
 KA + KJ Progressive K – High-index Plastic 1.70 and Above $77 $48 $55 + 80% of U&C2
 KA + KD Progressive K – Polycarbonate $15 $20 $55 + $35
 KA + KP Progressive K – Polarized $51 $31 $55 + 80% of U&C2
 KE Progressive K – Glass/High-index Glass (Clear) $53 $27 $80
 1. The Service Fee for progressives is paid in addition to your VSP Advantage PlanSM bifocal lens dispensing fee. 
Please note: For children, handicapped patients, or for patients under the Federal Plan, there is no Service Fee for covered polycarbonate lenses when dispensed. 
2. To determine the lens enhancement price, subtract your U&C price of the standard lens enhancement, (i.e., KA progressive), from your U&C price of the premium material lens enhancement, (i.e., KP polarized).
 PROGRESSIVE CATEGORIES3 AS OF 1/1/2025
 Custom
 N Unity® Via Elite II^, Unity® Via Elite VR^, Hoyalux iDMyStyle 3^, Hoyalux iD LifeStyle 4^, Maui Jim Passport 2.0, Shamir Autograph 
Intelligence^, Shamir Driver Intelligence^, Varilux X Fit Technology^, Varilux XR Design^/Track Technology^, ZEISS SmartLife Individual^ 
O Unity Via Plus II^/Mobile II^/Wrap II^, Array 2^, Kodak Unique DRO, Shamir Autograph II+^, Varilux Physio W3+,  
Varilux X Design Technology, ZEISS SmartLife Superb^/Plus/Pure
 Premium
 F Unity Via II, Hoya Array, Shamir Spectrum+, Varilux Comfort Max, Varilux Physio DRx, ZEISS Progressive Light 2 3DV
 J Ethos® Plus, Amplitude BKS, Kodak Precise, Shamir Element, Varilux Comfort 2, ZEISS Progressive Light 2 3D
 Standard K Ethos, Hoyalux GP Wide, Image, Ovation, Shamir Genesis HD, synchrony Easy View HD, ZEISS Progressive Light D
 3. For a full list of progressives, please refer to the Product Index in the Manuals on VSPOnline at eyefinity.com. 
^This progressive lens is customizable for the most precise prescription.
 Advantage Network
 Charge patients the listed patient copay or 80% of your U&C fee, whichever is lower. If no patient 
copay is listed, charge 80% of your U&C.
 The VSP formulary is administered by Plexus Optix, Inc. and Plexus reserves the right to make any modifications or adjustments to any or all of the fees in this chart at any time. 
©2025 Vision Service Plan. All rights reserved.  
VSP is a registered trademark, and VSP Advantage Plan is a service mark of Vision Service Plan. Unity and Ethos are registered trademarks of Plexus Optix, Inc.  
All other brands or marks are the property of their respective owners.  131959  VCDR Classification: Restricted
 Effective September 1, 2024

VSP Enhanced
 Advantage Plan
 Lens Enhancements Chart
 Effective September 1, 2024
 Revised September 1, 2024
 Use this chart to determine what to charge patients and reconcile  
your VSP® Vision Care Explanation of Payment.
 Copay
 All lens enhancements are covered after a copay. Charge patients 
the listed copay or 80% of your usual and customary fee (U&C), 
whichever is lower.
 VSP Lab Allocation
 This is the amount charged to you for lab fees. You won’t be  
charged for covered lens enhancements.
 Service Fee
 VSP will reimburse this fee for covered lens enhancements. For 
other enhancements, this will be included in the copay you collect 
from the patient.
 Use the following chart for what to charge your patients.
ASPHERICAL AND SPHERICAL LENS STYLES SINGLE VISION MULTIFOCAL
 Code Lens Enhancement Description VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 AA Aspheric Plastic 1.50 $10 $21 $31 $14 $21 $35
 AB High-index Plastic 1.53–1.60/Trivex $29 $27 $56 $33 $27 $60
 AH High-index Plastic 1.66/1.67 $48 $35 $83 $58 $40 $98
 AJ High-index Plastic 1.70 and Above $68 $43 $111 $78 $40 $118
 AD Polycarbonate $14 $21 $35 $14 $21 $35
 AE (Lab Use Only)-----------
AF High-index Glass 1.60–1.80 (Clear) $35 $25 $60 $85 $53 $138
 DIGITAL ASPHERIC LENS STYLES SINGLE VISION MULTIFOCAL
 Code Lens Enhancement Description VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 BA Digital Aspheric Lenses – Plastic $24 $21 $45 $34 $21 $55
 BA + BB Digital Aspheric Lenses – High-index Plastic 1.53–1.60/Trivex $16 $12 $45 + $28 $16 $12 $55 + $28
 BA + BH Digital Aspheric Lenses – High-index Plastic 1.66/1.67 $37 $21 $45 + $58 $40 $28 $55 + $68
 BA + BJ Digital Aspheric Lenses – High-index Plastic 1.70 and Above $57 $29 $45 + $86-----
BA + BD Digital Aspheric Lenses – Polycarbonate $10 $0 $45 + $10 $10 $0 $55 + $10
 OCCUPATIONAL LENS STYLES SINGLE VISION MULTIFOCAL
 Code Lens Enhancement Description VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 CA (Lab Use Only)-----------
CE (Lab Use Only)-----------
POLARIZED LENS STYLES SINGLE VISION MULTIFOCAL
 Code Lens Enhancement Description VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 DA Polarized Lenses – Plastic A $36 $21 $57 $48 $29 $77
 DA + DB Polarized Lenses – High-index Plastic 1.53–1.60/Trivex $47 $29 $57 + $76 $59 $36 $77 + $95
 DA + DH Polarized Lenses – High-index Plastic 1.66/1.67 $55 $34 $57 + $89 $67 $41 $77 + $108
 DA + DJ Polarized Lenses – High-index Plastic 1.70 and Above $70 $38 $57 + $108-----
DA + DD Polarized Lenses – Polycarbonate $13 $18 $57 + $31 $13 $18 $77 + $31
 DE Polarized/Laminated Lenses – Glass $49 $29 $78 $63 $38 $101
 BIFOCAL LENS STYLES (MARK BIFOCAL BOX) SINGLE VISION MULTIFOCAL
 Code Lens Enhancement Description VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 IA Near Variable Focus – Plastic -- ---- $26 $24 $50
 IA + IB Near Variable Focus – High-index Plastic 1.53–1.60/Trivex------$11 $13 $50 + $24
 IA + II Near Variable Focus – High-index Plastic 1.66/1.67------$27 $23 $50 + $50
 IA + IJ Near Variable Focus – High-index Plastic 1.70 and Above------$36 $24 $50 + $60
 IA + ID Near Variable Focus – Polycarbonate------$7 $13 $50 + $20
 GA Blended Bifocal – Plastic------$14 $16 $30
 PLASTIC DYES SINGLE VISION MULTIFOCAL
 Code Lens Enhancement Description VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 MM (Lab Use Only)-----------
MN Plastic Dyes – Solid Color (Except Pink I and II) $5 $10 $15 $5 $10 $15
 MP Plastic Dyes – Gradient $7 $10 $17 $7 $10 $17
 
+This lens enhancement code is always in conjunction with a base lens enhancement code [shaded], e.g., IB Is charged with IA.
 Please note: For children or handicapped patients, there is no Service Fee for covered polycarbonate lenses when dispensed.
 
The VSP Enhanced Advantage Plan Lens Enhancement Chart only applies to the VSP Enhanced Advantage Plan, including VSP Enhanced Advantage Supplemental Additional Pair and VSP Computer VisionCare℠ Plan.
 VSP Enhanced Advantage Plan™
 Charge patients the listed patient copay or 80% of your U&C fee, whichever is lower. 
Effective September 1, 2024
GLASS TINTS AND COLOR COATINGS SINGLE VISION MULTIFOCAL
 Code Lens Enhancement Description VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 MQ (Lab Use Only)-----------
MR Glass Tints Solid (Except Pink I and II and Yellow) $16 $18 $34 $24 $20 $44
 MS Glass Color Coatings – Solid $22 $20 $42 $22 $20 $42
 MT Glass Color Coatings – Gradient $25 $21 $46 $25 $21 $46
 PHOTOCHROMICS SINGLE VISION MULTIFOCAL
 Code Lens Enhancement Description VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 PM Photochromics – Glass $15 $18 $33 $23 $18 $41
 PR Photochromics – Plastic $45 $30 $75 $45 $30 $75
 OTHER COATINGS SINGLE VISION MULTIFOCAL
 Code Lens Enhancement Description VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 QM Anti-reflective Coating A $21 $20 $41 $21 $20 $41
 QT Anti-reflective Coating C $41 $27 $68 $41 $27 $68
 QV Anti-reflective Coating D $52 $33 $85 $52 $33 $85
 QP Mirror – Solid and Single Gradient (Includes Base Color) $26 $23 $49 $26 $23 $49
 QR Ski Type (Includes Base Tint and Backside Color) $30 $25 $55 $30 $25 $55
 QQ Scratch-resistant Coating A – Factory Applied $7 $10 $17 $7 $10 $17
 QS Scratch-resistant Coating B – Other Approved Coatings $15 $18 $33 $15 $18 $33
 OVERSIZE SINGLE VISION MULTIFOCAL
 Code Lens Enhancement Description VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 RM Frames Stamped 61mm Eye Size or Greater – Plastic $5 $6 $11 $6 $8 $14
 RN Frames Stamped 61mm Eye Size or Greater – Glass $7 $6 $13 $10 $8 $18
 MISCELLANEOUS SINGLE VISION MULTIFOCAL
 Code Lens Enhancement Description VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 SP High Luster Edge Polish $6 $10 $16 $6 $10 $16
 SQ Edge Coating $17 $19 $36 $17 $19 $36
 SR Faceted Lenses (Includes Polishing) $41 $25 $66 $41 $25 $66
 SW Rimless Drill $25 $5 $30 $25 $5 $30
 SV UV Protection $6 $10 $16 $6 $10 $16
 BV UV Protection – Backside $7 $3 $10 $7 $3 $10
 LF Light Filter $11 $4 $15 $11 $4 $15
 TA Technical Add-on $8 $2 $10 $28 $12 $40
 SH (Lab Use Only)-----------
ST (Lab Use Only)-----------
DOCTOR SUPPLIED* SINGLE VISION MULTIFOCAL
 Code Lens Enhancement Description VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 VSP Lab 
Allocation
 Service 
Fee
 Patient 
Copay
 IM Plastic Dyes – Solid Color (Pink I and II)   $5----$5---
IN Plastic Dyes – Solid Color (Except Pink I and II) $5 $10 $15 $5 $10 $15
 IP Plastic Dyes – Gradient $7 $10 $17 $7 $10 $17
 IV UV Protection $6 $10 $16 $6 $10 $16
 
*In-office Lab: For the patient lens enhancements your office can fulfill in-house, you’ll be reimbursed this listed fee for covered lens enhancements. For all other lens enhancements, this will be included in the patient 
copay you collect from the patient. 
VSP Enhanced Advantage Plan
 Charge patients the listed patient copay or 80% of your U&C fee, whichever is lower.
 Effective September 1, 2024
PROGRESSIVE
 Code Lens Enhancement Description VSP Lab Allocation Service Fee1 Patient Copay
 CM Custom Measurements (on Eligible Progressive N or O) Lenses $2 $8 $10
 NA Progressive N – Plastic $95 $80 $175
 NA + NB Progressive N – High-index Plastic 1.53–1.60/Trivex $25 $22 $175 + $47
 NA + NH Progressive N – High-index Plastic 1.66/1.67 $48 $30 $175 + $78
 NA + NJ Progressive N – High-index Plastic 1.70 and Above $77 $48 $175 + $125
 NA + ND Progressive N – Polycarbonate $15 $20 $175 + $35
 NA + NP Progressive N – Polarized $51 $31 $175 + $82
 OA Progressive O – Plastic $79 $71 $150
 OA + OB Progressive O – High-index Plastic 1.53–1.60/Trivex $25 $22 $150 + $47
 OA + OH Progressive O – High-index Plastic 1.66/1.67 $48 $30 $150 + $78
 OA + OJ Progressive O – High-index Plastic 1.70 and Above $77 $48 $150 + $125
 OA + OD Progressive O – Polycarbonate $15 $20 $150 + $35
 OA + OP Progressive O – Polarized $51 $31 $150 + $82
 FA Progressive F – Plastic $54 $51 $105
 FA + FB Progressive F – High-index Plastic 1.53–1.60/Trivex $25 $22 $105 + $47
 FA + FH Progressive F – High-index Plastic 1.66/1.67 $48 $30 $105 + $78
 FA + FJ Progressive F – High-index Plastic 1.70 and Above $77 $48 $105 + $125
 FA + FD Progressive F – Polycarbonate $15 $20 $105 + $35
 FA + FP Progressive F – Polarized $51 $31 $105 + $82
 FE Progressive F – Glass/High-index Glass (Clear) $59 $51 $110
 JA Progressive J – Plastic $46 $49 $95
 JA + JB Progressive J – High-index Plastic 1.53–1.60/Trivex $25 $22 $95 + $47
 JA + JH Progressive J – High-index Plastic 1.66/1.67 $48 $30 $95 + $78
 JA + JJ Progressive J – High-index Plastic 1.70 and Above $77 $48 $95 + $125
 JA + JD Progressive J – Polycarbonate $15 $20 $95 + $35
 JA + JP Progressive J – Polarized $51 $31 $95 + $82
 JE Progressive J – Glass/High-index Glass (Clear) $56 $49 $105
 KA Progressive K – Plastic $28 $27 $55
 KA + KB Progressive K – High-index Plastic 1.53–1.60/Trivex $25 $22 $55 + $47
 KA + KH Progressive K – High-index Plastic 1.66/1.67 $48 $30 $55 + $78
 KA + KJ Progressive K – High-index Plastic 1.70 and Above $77 $48 $55 + $125
 KA + KD Progressive K – Polycarbonate $15 $20 $55 + $35
 KA + KP Progressive K – Polarized $51 $31 $55 + $82
 KE Progressive K – Glass/High-index Glass (Clear) $53 $27 $80
 1. The Service Fee for progressives is paid in addition to your VSP Enhanced Advantage Plan bifocal lens dispensing fee.
 PROGRESSIVE CATEGORIES2  AS OF 1/1/2025
 Custom N Unity® Via Elite II^, Unity® Via Elite VR^, Hoyalux iDMyStyle 3^, Hoyalux iD LifeStyle 4^, Maui Jim Passport 2.0, Shamir Autograph 
Intelligence^, Shamir Driver Intelligence^, Varilux X Fit Technology^, Varilux XR Design^/Track Technology^, ZEISS SmartLife Individual^ 
O Unity Via Plus II^/Mobile II^/Wrap II^, Array 2^, Kodak Unique DRO, Shamir Autograph II+^, Varilux Physio W3+,  
Varilux X Design Technology, ZEISS SmartLife Superb^/Plus/Pure
 Premium F Unity Via II, Hoya Array, Shamir Spectrum+, Varilux Comfort Max, Varilux Physio DRx, ZEISS Progressive Light 2 3DV
 J Ethos® Plus, Amplitude BKS, Kodak Precise, Shamir Element, Varilux Comfort 2, ZEISS Progressive Light 2 3D
 Standard K Ethos, Hoyalux GP Wide, Image, Ovation, Shamir Genesis HD, synchrony Easy View HD, ZEISS Progressive Light D
 VSP Enhanced Advantage Plan
 Charge patients the listed patient copay or 80% of your U&C fee, whichever is lower. 
2. For a full list of progressives, please refer to the Product Index in the Manuals on VSPOnline at eyefinity.com. 
^This progressive lens is customizable for the most precise prescription. 
 
 
The VSP formulary is administered by Plexus Optix, Inc. and Plexus reserves the right to make any modifications or adjustments to any or all of the fees in this chart at any time. 
©2025 Vision Service Plan. All rights reserved.  
VSP is a registered trademark, and VSP Enhanced Advantage Plan is a trademark, and Computer VisionCare Plan is a service mark of Vision Service Plan.  
Unity and Ethos are registered trademarks of Plexus Optix, Inc. All other brands or marks are the property of their respective owners.  131960  VCDR Classification: Restricted
 Effective September 1, 2024




=== END OF VSP_Tiers_consolidated_choice_signature_advantage_enhancedadvantage.txt ===



=== START OF VSP_Advantage_Manual_Plain text.txt ===

Last Updated: Jun 1, 2025
 ADVANTAGE NETWORK MANUAL
 Effective Date: Jan 1, 2025
NOTE: This manual remains the sole and exclusive property of VSP®. The information contained in this manual is confidential and proprietary, and the VSP network provider is granted a limited
 personal and nontransferrable license for use of the content of this manual during participation on the VSP network. The contents of this manual may not be used, copied, and/or reproduced
 for any other purpose, or disclosed and/or disseminated to any third party for any purpose whatsoever, without the prior written consent of VSP. If, for any reason, the manual recipient no
 longer participates on the VSP network, the doctor hereby agrees, and is directed, to immediately destroy this manual, all copies, and any and all amendments and addenda that may be issued
 by VSP from time to time.
ADVANTAGE NETWORK MANUAL TABLE OF CONTENT
 Advantage Network Plans 1
 Enrollment/Doctor Participation 1.1
 Eligibility & Authorization 1.2
 Exam Coverage 1.3
 Materials Coverage – VSP Advantage Plan 1.4
 Materials Coverage – VSP Essentials Plan 1.5
 VSP Elements Program 1.6
 Materials Coverage – VSP Enhanced Advantage Plan 1.7
 Advantage Exam Plus Plan and Advantage Exam Plus With Allowances Plan 1.8
 Lab 1.9
 Submitting Claims/Billing & Reimbursement 1.10
 Advantage Network COB Secondary Allowances 1.11
 Advantage Coordination of Benefits 1.12
 VSP Advantage Plan Lens Enhancements Charts 2
 VSP Advantage Network Lens Enhancement Charts 2.1
 Client Details 3
 Blue Cross of Idaho 3.1
 Blue Cross Blue Shield of South Carolina Medicare Advantage 3.2
 Moda Health Medicare Advantage 3.3
 Summit Health Plan 3.4
 California State University (CSU) Client Details 3.5
 Advantage Network Fee Schedules 3.6
 SM
 ®
 SM
Advantage Network Plans
 1
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 1
 Advantage Network Plans
 This supplement to the VSP Manual provides information about coverage available to VSP members through the Advantage Network.
 Only participating Advantage Network doctors can provide services to VSP members with a plan that uses the Advantage Network.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 2
 Eligibility & Authorization
 Before providing services, make sure your patient is eligible for benefits by retrieving an authorization. At that time, you’ll get information about your patient’s plan, coverage, and current benefit
 eligibility. You’ll also get a unique authorization number for your patient. Remember: an authorization number doesn’t guarantee payment. Review any comments or notations at the bottom of
 the Patient Record Report to confirm patient eligibility. Confirmation is required to show that the services and materials provided meet our plan requirements before issuing payment.
 Obtain an authorization on eyefinity.com or by calling VSP at 800.615.1883.
 For additional information on obtaining an authorization, refer to Eligibility and Authorization page details.
 We’ll indicate copays when you obtain authorization.
 Note: 
Don’t waive copays.
 Refer to the Patient Record Report or the Lens Enhancements Charges Report for an explanation of your patient’s coverage.
 Important! 
Before ordering or providing services, tell your patients that they're responsible for payment of non-covered services and materials.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 3
 Exam Coverage
 Covered comprehensive eye exams are generally available to patients once every 12 or 24 months on a service, fiscal, or calendar year basis. Provide the level of exam necessary to determine
 your patient’s eye health and visual status.
 Patients may also be covered for:
 Essential Medical Eye Care services. For more information, see Essential Medical Eye Care in the VSP Manual.
 Retinal Screening. For more information about the Retinal Screening Value-Added Feature and Retinal Screening Covered Benefit, see Retinal Screening in the VSP Manual.
 Eye exams are reimbursed at 80% of your U&C fee, up to the maximum amount shown on the appropriate Advantage Network Fee Schedule, less any exam copay. See Eye Exams in the VSP
 Manual for additional information. Exam services are paid only once per eligibility period. Don’t balance bill for exams.
 View your Advantage Network Fees located under Quick Links and Tools on VSPOnline, then click View Fees link. On the Fee Inquiry page, click Advantage button to view the plan’s fee
 schedules.
 Note: 
Refractions are included in your exam fees.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 SM
 Page 4
 Materials Coverage – VSP Advantage Plan
 Coverage typically includes necessary prescription lenses and a frame up to a client-specified retail allowance, or an allowance toward contact lenses. Please review the patient’s coverage before
 providing materials.
 Patients are also eligible for benefits on additional materials (see Value Added Benefits below).
 Spectacle lens coverage under the VSP Advantage Plan is designed to provide necessary lenses covered in full. Your base lens payment includes your reimbursement for the following:
 Single vision, bifocal, trifocal, or lenticular lenses in plastic or glass
 Eye size up to and including 60mm
 Polycarbonate lenses for dependent children, monocular patients, and handicapped patients
 Lined multifocal lenses in all segment widths, including occupational lenses. See the Dispensing & Lens Enhancements section of the VSP Manual for specific details on occupational lenses
 Prism and slab off
 Base curves (regardless of curve)
 We only cover lenses that meet the minimum prescription criteria, unless your patient is eligible for plano lenses.
 Here’s our minimum prescription criteria:
 The combined power in any meridian is ±0.50 diopters or greater in at least one eye or one of the following exceptions occurs:
 —Necessary prism of 0.50 diopters or greater in at least one eye
 —Anisometropia is 0.50 diopters or greater in at least one eye  
—Cylinder power is ±0.50 diopters or greater in at least one eye
 Other Lens Enhancements
 If your patient selects a lens enhancement that is covered with copay, collect the lens enhancement copay directly from the patient. You’ll be charged back the VSP Advantage Plan Lab Allocation
 fee for those lens enhancements.
 Covered with Additional Copay
 For lens enhancements that are covered with additional copay, charge the patient the patient copay listed in the VSP Advantage Network Lens Enhancements Chart or 80% of your U&C fees,
 whichever is lower.
 Covered with Additional Copay, 80% U&C
 For lens enhancements not listed on the VSP Advantage Network Lens Enhancements Chart, charge 80% of your U&C fees.
 Patient Charges
 The following examples illustrate how to calculate “add-on” fees based on your total prices for a specific lens enhancement:
 Your U&C fee for Mid-Index is:
 Subtract your U&C fee for Mid-Index in plastic:
 Your U&C add-on fee is:
 Deduct 20%:
 80% of your U&C add-on fee:
 Add the VSP Advantage Plan patient fee for Progressive F – Plastic (FA):
 Patient pays:
 Your U&C fee for near variable focus plastic is:
 Subtract your U&C fee for bifocals (FT28):
 Your U&C add-on fee is:
 Deduct 20%:
 $260-$200
 $60-$12
 $48
 $105
 $153
 $180-$130
 $50-$10
 Patient pays:
 Covered Lens Enhancements
 If your patient chooses a covered lens enhancement, you’ll receive the VSP Advantage Plan covered service fee. We won’t apply a charge back.
 Flexible Lens Enhancements
 $40
 To offer more customized coverage to clients and members, we’ve developed several flexible lens enhancement programs that allow partial coverage for the most popular VSP lens
 enhancements, including anti-reflective (AR) coatings, photochromics, and progressives. Always refer to the Patient Record Report and Lens Enhancements Charges Report for complete
 information on lens enhancement coverage. The VSP Flexible Lens Enhancements Coverage Tip Sheet provides more information and helps you calculate patients' out-of-pocket expenses.
 Note:
 We’ll only cover frames when the lenses meet the minimum prescription criteria, unless your patient is eligible for plano lenses.
 VSP Advantage Plan patients receive a client-defined retail frame allowance. We’ll pay you 55% of the retail price of the frame, up to 55% of the patient’s retail frame allowance. Charge 80% of
 U&C on the retail frame overage.
 ®
 ®
 Effective January 1, 2014, most patients with a VSP Advantage Plan will have an extra $20 on top of their frame allowance when they select Marchon or Altair frames. Look for the retail
 allowances for Marchon/Altair and all other frames indicated on the Patient Record Report at authorization. You’ll be reimbursed up to 55% of the patient’s retail frame allowance for the frame
 brand dispensed.
 Bill all frames as “doctor supplied” since we’re paying you directly. Your practice is responsible for paying the lab for any lab-supplied frames.
Many clients provide coverage for contact lenses in lieu of prescription glasses. To be eligible for contact lens coverage, a patient must usually first be eligible for eyeglasses. Check the Patient
 Record Report for the patient’s specific type of coverage and contact lens allowances. Refer to Contact Lens Benefits in the VSP Manual for more information.
 Covered Contact Lenses: Your patient is covered for a contact lens exam and an annual supply of contact lenses.
 The benefits below are considered a private transaction between you and your patient. The patient is fully responsible for the payment of any additional items.
 Glasses
 Charge 80% of U&C for additional materials when complete pairs of prescription and non-prescription glasses, sunglasses, and blue light filtering glasses are dispensed within 12 months of the
 exam. The benefit:
 is based on your total U&C fee;
 is unlimited for 12 months on or following the date of the last covered eye exam;
 is available through any VSP doctor. Use professional judgment when evaluating prescriptions from another provider. You may request an additional exam at a 80% of U&C;
 applies to prescription and non-prescription lenses;
 doesn’t apply to cleaning products or repairs of prescription lenses or frames.
 Note:
 If a patient has coverage for lenses every 12 months and a frame every 24 months, charge 80% of U&C for the frame in the year when the patient is eligible for lenses but not for frame.
 Contact Lenses
 Charge 85% of U&C on contact lens exam services (fitting and evaluation). This benefit:
 is subtracted from your U&C fee for evaluation, fitting, and follow-up services for prescription contact lenses;
 is unlimited for 12 months on or following the date of the covered eye exam;
 is available through any VSP doctor. Use professional judgment when evaluating prescriptions from another provider. You may request an additional exam at 80% of U&C;
 doesn’t apply to lenses, solution, cleaning products, and service agreements.
 Retinal Screening Value Added Feature 
®
 Patients are eligible for routine retinal screening as a value added feature to complement their WellVision Exam benefit.
 Please see the Retinal Screening section of the VSP Manual for more information. 
SM
 VSP Laser VisionCare Program
 Members receive a complimentary screening as well as preoperative and postoperative services through participating VSP doctors.
 The program includes access to either Photorefractive Keratectomy (PRK) or Laser In-Situ Keratomileusis (LASIK) at a reduced cost, up to a maximum fee to the patient of $1,500 per eye for PRK,
 $1,800 per eye for LASIK, and $2,300 per eye for Custom LASIK with wavefront technology using the microkeratome only or Bladeless LASIK.
 If the laser center is offering a temporary price reduction, VSP members will receive 5% off the advertised price if it is less than the usual discount price.
 SM
 Please visit VSPOnline and reference the Laser VisionCare Program page under Plans & Coverages for information on how to participate and a list of participating facilities.
 The VSP Advantage Plan may also be sold with the following supplemental plans:
 SM
 Advantage Computer VisionCare Plan
 Note: If your patient chooses a covered lens enhancement, there’s no charge. If your patient selects any other lens enhancements charge the patient according to the VSP Advantage Plan Lens
 Enhancements Chart or your U&C fees, whichever is lower. You may charge 80% of your U&C fees for lens enhancements not listed on the VSP Advantage Plan Lens Enhancements Chart. You’ll
 be charged back the VSP Advantage Plan lab fee for those lens enhancements.
 See the VSP Computer VisionCare Plan section of the VSP Manual for more information.
 Advantage Additional Pair
 Note: If your patient chooses a covered lens enhancement, there’s no charge. If your patient selects any other lens enhancements charge the patient according to the VSP Advantage Plan Lens
 Enhancements Chart or your U&C fees, whichever is lower. You may charge 80% of your U&C fees for lens enhancements not listed on the VSP Advantage Plan Lens Enhancements Chart. You’ll
 be charged back the VSP Advantage Plan lab fee for those lens enhancements. 
Doctors are paid Advantage fees for the materials dispensing. See Lab instructions for materials dispensed under these supplemental plans.
 Reminder: Obtain a separate authorization for these plans and follow the plan information provided on the authorization.
 See Services Subject to Review/Audit for information regarding material record keeping requirements.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 5
 Materials Coverage – VSP Essentials Plan
 Materials coverage matches the VSP Advantage Plan except for lens enhancements, as outlined below.
 Covered Lens Enhancements
 If your patient chooses a covered lens enhancement, you’ll receive the Advantage Network Lens Enhancements Chart covered service fee. We won’t apply the charge-back fee.
 Other Lens Enhancements
 If your patient selects any other lens enhancement, charge the patient 80% of your U&C fees and collect the lens enhancement cost directly from the patient. You’ll be charged back
 the Advantage Plan Network Lab Allocation fee for those lens enhancements.
 Patient Charges
 The following examples illustrate how to calculate “add-on” fees based on your total prices for a specific lens enhancement:
 Your U&C fee for progressive is:
 Subtract your U&C fee for bifocals (FT28):
 Your U&C add-on fee is:
 Deduct 20%:
 Patient pays:
 Single vision lens is covered in full. 
Your U&C fee for the AR coating is:
 Deduct 20%:
 Patient pays:
 $220-$100
 $120-$24
 $96
 $80-$16
 $64
 Flexible Lens Enhancements
 To offer more customized coverage to clients and members, we’ve developed several flexible lens enhancement programs that allow partial coverage for the most popular VSP lens
 enhancements, including anti-reflective (AR) coatings, photochromics, and progressives. Always refer to the online Patient Record Report and Lens Enhancements Charges Report for complete
 information on lens enhancement coverage. The VSP Flexible Lens Enhancement Coverage Tip Sheet provides more information and helps you calculate patients' out-of-pocket expenses.
 See Services Subject to Review/Audit for information regarding material record keeping requirements.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 6
 VSP Elements Program®
 For more information on VSP Elements, refer to the Plans and Coverages section in the VSP Manual.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 7
 Materials Coverage - VSP Enhanced Advantage Plan
 SM
 The VSP Enhanced Advantage Plan is a new full-service plan that offers choice, flexibility, and value through a VSP Advantage Network Provider.
 Coverage typically includes necessary prescription lenses and a frame up to a client-specified allowance, or an allowance toward contact lenses. Please review the patient’s coverage before
 providing materials.
 Patients are also eligible for benefits on additional materials (see Value Added Benefits below).
 Lenses
 Spectacle lens coverage under the VSP Enhanced Advantage Plan is designed to provide necessary lenses covered in full. Your base lens payment includes your reimbursement for the following:
 Single vision, bifocal, trifocal, or lenticular lenses in plastic or glass
 Eye sizes up to and including 60mm
 Polycarbonate lenses for monocular patients, dependent children, and handicapped patients
 Lined multifocal lenses in all segment widths, including occupational lenses. See the Dispensing & Patient Lens Enhancements section of the VSP Manual for specific details on occupational
 lenses
 Prism and slab off
 Base curves (regardless of curve)
 We only cover lenses that meet the minimum prescription criteria, unless your patient is eligible for plano lenses.
 Here’s our minimum prescription criteria:
 The combined power in any meridian is ±0.50 diopters or greater in at least one eye or one of the following exceptions occurs:
 —Necessary prism of 0.50 diopters or greater in at least one eye.
 —Anisometropia is 0.50 diopters or greater in at least one eye.
 —Cylinder power is ±0.50 diopters or greater in at least one eye.
 Covered Lens Enhancements
 If a patient chooses a covered lens enhancement, you’ll receive the VSP Enhanced Advantage Plan covered service fee. We won’t apply a charge back.
 Note:
 Covered service fees don’t apply to polycarbonate lenses dispensed to children or handicapped patients.
 Other Lens Enhancements
 Covered with Additional Copay: For lens enhancements that are covered with copay, charge the patient the patient copay listed on the VSP Enhanced Advantage Plan Lens Enhancement
 Chart or 80% of your U&C fees, whichever is lower, or the client-specific copay indicated on the Patient Lens Enhancement Report.
 Flexible Lens Enhancements
 To offer more customized coverage to clients and members, we’ve developed flexible lens enhancement programs that allow a client-specific copay or allowance for partial coverage for the most
 popular VSP lens enhancements, including anti-reflective (AR) coatings, photochromics, and progressives. Always refer to the online Patient Record Report and Lens Enhancements Charges
 report for complete information on lens enhancement coverage. The VSP Flexible Lens Enhancement Coverage Tip Sheet provides more information and helps you calculate patients' out-of
pocket expenses.
 VSP Enhanced Advantage Plan patients receive a client-defined frame allowance, which is represented by a combination of the wholesale frame amount and corresponding retail amount for
 which your patient is covered. Although patients will only be informed of their retail allowance, they’re covered for any in-network (or covered) frame less than or equal to their wholesale or retail
 allowance. You receive your VSP Enhanced Advantage Plan frame dispensing and the wholesale cost up to their wholesale allowance, plus collect any overage according to our frame overage
 procedures.
 Note:
 We’ll only cover frames when the lenses meet the minimum prescription criteria, unless your patient is eligible for plano lenses.
 ®
 ®
 Most patients with a VSP Enhanced Advantage Plan will have an extra $20 on top of their frame allowance when they select Marchon or Altair frames. Look for the retail / wholesale allowances
 for Marchon/Altair and all other frames indicated on the Patient Record Report at authorization.
 Frame Overages
 Charge the patient according to our frame overage procedures. When the selected frame exceeds both the wholesale and equivalent retail allowance coverage, your patient is responsible for the
 overages exceeding his or her retail frame allowance at 80% of U&C. Don’t charge your patient more than 80% of U&C on frame overage, plus any applicable sales tax.
 For more information, refer to the Providing Frames section in the VSP Manual.
 Other Frame Details
 Bill all frames as “doctor supplied” since we’re paying you directly. Your practice is responsible for paying the lab for any lab-supplied frames.
 There is no charge to patients for standard frame cases; however, you may charge patients for special orders or for deluxe frame cases.
 VSP does not provide a dispensing fee when a patient-supplied frame is used and patients can’t be charged any additional fees.
 Many clients provide coverage for contact lenses in lieu of prescription glasses. To be eligible for contact lens coverage, a patient must usually first be eligible for eyeglasses. Check the Patient
 Record Report for the patient's specific type of coverage and contact lens allowances. Refer to Contact Lens Benefits in the VSP Manual for more information.
 Many clients provide coverage for Low Vision. Refer to the Low Vision section in the VSP Manual for more information.
 The benefits below are considered a private transaction between you and your patient. Your patient is fully responsible for payment.
 Exam Services
 Charge 80% of U&C on additional eye exams, including if only a refraction is performed.
 Is unlimited for 12 months on or following the date of the last eye exam.
 Retinal Screening Value Added Feature
 ® 
Patients are eligible for routine retinal screening as a value added feature to complement their WellVision Exam benefit.
Retinal screening: patients pay $39 or your U&C fee, whichever is lower.
 Please see the Retinal Screening section of the VSP Manual for more information. 
Glasses
 Charge 80% of U&C for additional materials when complete pairs of prescription glasses and non-prescription sunglasses and blue light filtering glasses are dispensed within 12 months of the
 exam. This benefit:
 Is based on your total U&C fee.
 Is unlimited for 12 months on or following the date of the last covered eye exam.
 Is available through any VSP doctor. Use professional judgment when evaluating prescriptions from another provider. You may request an additional exam at 80% of U&C fee.
 Applies to prescription and non-prescription lenses.
 Doesn’t apply to cleaning products or repairs of prescription lenses or frames.
 Note:
 If a patient has coverage for lenses every 12 months and a frame every 24 months, charge 80% of U&C for the frame in the year when the patient is eligible for lenses but not for a frame.
 Contact Lenses
 Charge 85% of U&C on contact lens services. This benefit:
 Is subtracted from your U&C fee for evaluation, fitting, and follow-up services for prescription contact lenses.
 Is unlimited for 12 months on or following the date of the covered eye exam.
 Is available through any VSP doctor. Use professional judgment when evaluating prescriptions from another provider. You may request an additional exam at 80% of U&C.
 Doesn’t apply to lenses, solutions, cleaning products, and service agreements.
 SM
 VSP Laser VisionCare Program
 SM
 Please see the Laser VisionCare Program page under Plans & Coverages for plan details.
 The VSP Enhanced Advantage Plan may also be sold with the following supplemental plans. Doctors are paid VSP Enhanced Advantage fees for the materials dispensing.
 SM
 Enhanced Advantage Computer VisionCare Plan
 Note: If your patient chooses a covered lens enhancement, there’s no charge and you’ll receive the VSP Enhanced Advantage Plan covered service fee. If your patient selects any other lens
 enhancements, charge the patient according to the VSP Enhanced Advantage Plan Lens Enhancement Chart or 80% of your U&C fees, whichever is lower. You’ll be charged back the VSP
 Enhanced Advantage Plan lab fee for those lens enhancements.
 See the VSP Computer VisionCare Plan section of the VSP Manual for more information.
 Enhanced Advantage Additional Pair
 Note: If your patient chooses a covered lens enhancement, there’s no charge and you’ll receive the VSP Enhanced Advantage Plan covered service fee. If your patient selects any other lens
 enhancements, charge the patient according to the VSP Enhanced Advantage Plan Lens Enhancement Chart or 80% of you U&C fees, whichever is lower. You’ll be charged back the VSP Enhanced
 Advantage Plan lab fee for those lens enhancements.
 Reminder: Obtain a separate authorization for these plans and follow the plan information provided on the authorization.
 Claims may be submitted on eClaim or on paper. See the Submitting Claims section in the VSP Manual for details.
 See Services Subject to Review/Audit for information regarding material record keeping requirements.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 8
 Advantage Exam Plus Plan & Advantage Exam Plus With Allowances Plan
 Covered comprehensive eye exams are generally available to your patient once every 12 or 24 months on a service year, fiscal year, or calendar year basis. Provide the level of exam necessary to
 determine your patient’s eye health and visual status.
 Advantage Exam Plus Plan eye exam fees are made according to your Advantage Network Fee Schedule.
 We’ll pay exam services once per eligibility period. Don’t balance bill for exams.
 Advantage Exam Plus patients are entitled to savings on glasses and contact lens services. Refer to Exam Plus and Exam Plus with Allowances in the VSP Manual for more information.
 Covered comprehensive eye exams are generally available to your patient once every 12 or 24 months on a service year, fiscal year, or calendar year basis. Provide the level of exam necessary to
 determine your patient’s eye health and visual status.
 Advantage Exam Plus With Allowances Plan eye exam fees are made according to your Advantage Network Fee Schedule.
 We’ll pay exam services once per eligibility period. Don’t balance bill for exams.
 Lenses and Frames
 Patients are eligible for prescription lens, lens enhancements and/or frame (complete pair not required), plus they have a group-specific schedule of allowances or combined materials allowance.
 When dispensing lenses, the lens allowance (or combined materials allowance) applies to the complete lens service—including both the base lens and any lens enhancements selected.
 VSP only covers frames that are used for prescription lenses that meet VSP’s minimum prescription criteria (refractive error is at least +/- 0.50 diopter) unless the patient has plano coverage.
 The benefit is available for 12 months on or following the date of the last covered eye exam, however the allowance schedule applies only once, unless authorization indicates banking or banking
 with multiple services.
 Lenses and Frame Reimbursement
 For claims with a date-of-service prior to 10/1/2024, deduct 20% from your materials U&C, then apply the patient’s allowance and charge your patient for any overage. Your total reimbursement
 is 80% of your U&C fees.
 For claims with a date-of-service of 10/1/2024 or after, deduct the member’s allowance from your materials U&C.  Then charge the patient 80% of any overage. VSP will reimburse 60% of your
 patient’s allowance or 60% of your U&C, whichever is less. Do not balance bill the patient for the difference between the patient’s allowance and the VSP reimbursement amount.
 Note:
 Progressive lenses are reimbursed at the bifocal allowance.
 For patients with combined allowances, bill all services at the same time so your patients get their full benefits. Remaining allowances can’t be carried forward. The combined allowance
 applies to only one set of services. Your patients may use their benefits for lens, lens enhancement and frame or contact lens fitting/materials.
 Contact Lenses
 Charge patients with Elective Contact Lens (ECL) or Visually Necessary Contact Lens (NCL) coverage 85% U&C for contact lens exam services (evaluation/fitting services and follow-up services).
 You may charge your U&C fees for contact lens materials. Elective or visually necessary contact lenses are chosen in place of a complete set of prescription glasses. Your patient is responsible for
 paying any overages over the allowances listed in their client-specific schedule of allowances or combined materials allowance.
 Lab work is handled privately. You may supply lenses through any lab, including in-office labs.
 The Value-Added benefits below are considered a private transaction between you and your patient. Your patient must pay for any additional items.
 Patients are eligible for additional complete pairs of prescription glasses and non-prescription sunglasses and blue light filtering glasses, from any VSP doctor within 12 months of the last eye
 exam at 80% of U&C. The benefit:
 Is unlimited for 12 months on or following the date of the last eye exam.
 Use professional judgment when evaluating prescriptions from another doctor. You can request an additional routine exam at 80% of U&C.
 Deduct 20% on additional eye exams, including if only a refraction is performed.
 Doesn’t apply to cleaning products or repairs of prescription lenses or frames.
 Patients are eligible for contact lens exam services (F&E) and follow-up services at 85% of U&C. The benefit:
 Applies to services for prescription lenses only.
 Doesn’t apply to contact lens materials, solutions, cleaning products, or service agreements.
 Submitting the Claim Electronically
 Glasses:
 Bill using our electronic claims submission system.
 Complete the Invoice Services page and select Non-VSP lab (Private Invoice).
 Click on the Calculate HCPCS and Continue button.
 Complete the Diagnosis and Services page by entering your full U&C fees next to the appropriate CPT/HCPCS code.
 Contact Lenses:
 Bill using our electronic claims submission system.
 Choose the type of contacts dispensed.
 If contact lens evaluation/fitting services were provided, show this in the dropdown.
 Click on the Calculate HCPCS and Continue button.
 Complete the Diagnosis and Services page by entering your full U&C fees next to the appropriate CPT/HCPCS code.
 Please see the Necessary Contact Lens Benefit Criteria section of your VSP Provider Reference Manual for more information regarding benefit criteria and claim submission.
 Submitting the Claim on Paper
 Glasses:
 Enter your full U&C fees next to the right CPT/HCPCS code.
 Complete the CMS-1500 Claim Form by entering your full U&C fees next to the right CPT/HCPCS code for lens and frame.
Enter all eight digits of the authorization number in Box 23.
 Contact Lenses
 Enter your full U&C fees next to the right CPT/HCPCS code.
 Select the type of contacts dispensed.
 Enter all eight digits of the authorization number in Box 23.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 9
 Lab
 Refer to the Using Our Contract Lab System page in the VSP Manual.
 Online eClaim Submission: Submit orders to any contract lab through eClaim. Include all prescription information. You can choose any lab on the VSP National Contract Lab list.
 Paper Claims: Submit your orders to any contract lab on the VSP National Contract Lab list.
 The Doctor Service Report on Eyefinity will show the selected lab's contact information for each submitted order. The Lab Packing Slip also shows this information.
 First-Time Doctor Redos—Lab Finished Lenses
 You may need to remake a patient’s lenses to meet their needs. Refer to First-Time Doctor Redos in the VSP Manual for instructions.
 You can only use non-contract labs in emergencies. VSP monitors the use of non-contract labs and they may only be used in the situations below.
 Examples of emergencies include:
 Loss, theft, or breakage of prescription eyewear when your patient doesn’t own an alternate pair and can’t wear contact lenses
 Situations where your patient can’t function at work or school and doesn’t have another pair of glasses or contact lenses
 Patients whose safety and well-being will be jeopardized without the immediate delivery of their prescription eyewear
 Emergency situations don’t include:
 Instances where faster turn-around time is requested to accommodate trips, vacations, or other discretionary events
 Providing faster service when your patient has another functional pair of glasses or contacts
 Important! 
You must document the emergency that requires the use of Non-Contract Labs. Inappropriate use of Non-Contract Labs will result in the denial of services and materials.
 To submit a claim when a non-VSP lab is used, select Non-IDC Lab Invoice (Lab 0100) from the pull-down menu in the Lab Selection box on eClaim or write “Non-IDC Lab Invoice (Lab 0100)” in the
 Special Instructions area of the Materials Invoice. When submitting an emergency claim, please specify the emergency reason. Selecting an emergency reason is for documentation purposes; not
 selecting a reason does not remove the emergency requirement.
 All Lab invoices must be kept for a minimum of seven (7) years. Failure to keep Lab invoices may result in the denial of services and materials.
 Lab invoices from an outside private lab must include the following:
 Patient name
 Date ordered/date completed
 Rx
 Lens enhancements
 Style and frame type, including make and model
 You’ll be responsible for the entire cost of the lab bill and should pay the lab on a private-transaction basis. Don’t charge the patient for covered lens enhancements, you won’t receive a service
 fee for covered lens enhancements. For all other lens enhancements, charge the patient according to their plan. You won’t receive a chargeback for these lens enhancements. VSP will pay you an
 established fee of $10.50 for single vision, $23.50 for bifocal/progressive and $33.50 for trifocal, in addition to your regular dispensing fees. Use your bifocal lens-dispensing fee for progressives.
 Charge your patient according to the appropriate VSP Advantage Lens Enhancements Chart or your adjusted U&C fee (whichever is lower). Don’t balance-bill the patient.
 All emergency orders are subject to review. When a claim is found to be incorrect, payments for material services will be reversed.
 Important! 
Always verify orders upon receipt by checking all lab lens enhancement codes.
 Uncut lenses can only be processed in the case of an emergency. Submit as a private order. The lab will bill their U&C fees. This should only be done on very rare occasions.
Page 10
 Submitting Claims/Billing & Reimbursement
 You may bill eye exams using S0620 (routine ophthalmological examination, including refraction, new patient) or S0621 (routine ophthalmological examination, including refraction,
 established patient). Be sure to complete a comprehensive exam when using these codes; VSP pays at the comprehensive level.
 If you choose to use 920XX codes to bill the eye exam, please remember to bill refraction (92015) separately for accurate reimbursement.
 WellVision Exams should be billed with the appropriate refractive error diagnosis code. Reasons for encounters diagnosis codes are also acceptable.
 Reasons for encounters diagnosis codes are payable for WellVision Exams only. Reasons for encounters diagnosis codes may not be billed as primary or as the sole diagnosis code for
 materials.
 Materials must be billed with the appropriate refractive error diagnosis code.
 Enter additional diagnosis codes if other medical conditions exist.
 Bill non-covered materials on a private invoice, even if a VSP contract lab is used. Non-covered lenses may be fabricated at any lab of your choice, including in-office labs.
 
Submit claims just as you do for VSP Signature Plan claims. For additional information, refer to Submitting Claims in the VSP Manual.
 ®
 ®
 Note: 
When billing progressive lenses, bill your U&C fee on two lines—one for the base bifocal lenses and the second for the progressive add-on.
 Reimbursement is made according to the current Advantage Network Fee Schedule. View the Advantage Network Fee Schedule on VSPOnline by selecting Administration and Practice/Doctor
 Updates from the menu, then clicking the View or Update Fees link.
 Note: 
Only Practice Administrators can view the Professional Fee Schedules. If you aren’t able to access the fee schedule, contact Eyefinity at 877.448.0707.
 Code:
 H52.01 Hypermetropia, right eye
 H52.02 Hypermetropia, left eye
 H52.03 Hypermetropia, bilateral
 H52.11 Myopia, right eye
 H52.12 Myopia, left eye
 H52.13 Myopia, bilateral
 H52.201 Unspecified astigmatism, right eye
 H52.202 Unspecified astigmatism, left eye
 H52.203 Unspecified astigmatism, bilateral
 H52.211 Irregular astigmatism, right eye
 H52.212 Irregular astigmatism, left eye
 H52.213 Irregular astigmatism, bilateral
 H52.221 Regular astigmatism, right eye
 H52.222 Regular astigmatism, left eye
 H52.223 Regular astigmatism, bilateral
 H52.31 Anisometropia
 H52.32 Aniseikonia
 H52.4 Presbyopia
 H52.511 Internal ophthalmoplegia (complete) (total), right eye
 H52.512 Internal ophthalmoplegia (complete) (total), left eye
 H52.513 Internal ophthalmoplegia (complete) (total), bilateral
 H52.521 Paresis of accommodation, right eye
 H52.522 Paresis of accommodation, left eye
 H52.523 Paresis of accommodation, bilateral
 H52.531 Spasm of accommodation, right eye
 H52.532 Spasm of accommodation, left eye
 H52.533 Spasm of accommodation, bilateral
 H52.6 Other disorders of refraction
 H52.7 Unspecified disorder of refraction
 Reasons for encounters diagnosis codes are payable for WellVision Exams only. Reasons for encounters diagnosis codes may not be billed as primary or as the sole diagnosis code for
 materials.
 ®
 Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
Code:
 Z01.00
 Z01.01
 Z01.020
 Z01.021
 Z13.5
 Z46.0
 Z82.1
 Z83.511
 Z83.518
 Encounter for examination of eyes and vision without abnormal findings
 Encounter for examination of eyes and vision with abnormal findings
 Encounter for examination of eyes and vision following failed vision screening without abnormal findings
 Encounter for examination of eyes and vision following failed vision screening with abnormal findings
 Encounter for screening for eye and ear disorders
 Encounter for fitting and adjustment of spectacles and contact lenses
 Family history of blindness and visual loss
 Family history of glaucoma
 Family history of other specified eye disorder
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 11
 Advantage Network COB Secondary Allowances
 Eye exam
 Lenses
 Frame
 Maximum for Exam, Lens and Frame
 $50
 $36
 less secondary plan copays
 less secondary plan copays
 $58
 $144
 Secondary allowances are cumulative.
 Other Secondary Allowances:
 less secondary plan copays
 less secondary plan copays
 For patients with an Elective Contact Lens Benefit, refer to the Patient Record Report for the contact lens allowance. (Note: A covered-in-full contact lens exam does not have secondary COB
 dollar value).
 For patients with allowance plans, refer to the Patient Record Report for the material allowance.
 You can coordinate the secondary exam allowance with the exam, refraction and/or retinal screening out-of-pocket expense from the primary plan.
Page 12
 Advantage Network Coordination of Benefits
 With the exception of the secondary allowances, the VSP Advantage Plan, VSP Enhanced Advantage Plan and VSP Essentials Plan COB guidelines are the same as the VSP Signature Plan. For
 additional information, see Coordination of Benefits in the VSP Manual.
 The following table shows you how to use the secondary plan to coordinate benefits based on your network participation.
 Patient’s primary plan Patient’s secondary plan Your network participation is Then
 VSP Advantage Plan, VSP
 Enhanced Advantage Plan or
 VSP Essentials Plan
 VSP Signature Plan Advantage Network You’ll be reimbursed based on the VSP Signature Plan COB allowances. (See COB
 rules for exceptions).
 VSP Advantage Plan, VSP
 Enhanced Advantage Plan or
 VSP Essentials Plan
 VSP Signature Plan Non-Advantage Network We’ll reimburse the patient based on the VSP Signature Plan non-VSP provider
 reimbursement schedule if out-of-network coverage is available.
 VSP Signature Plan VSP Advantage Plan, VSP
 Enhanced Advantage Plan or VSP
 Essentials Plan
 Advantage Network You’ll be reimbursed according to the Advantage COB Secondary Allowances.
 VSP Signature Plan VSP Advantage Plan or VSP
 Enhanced Advantage Plan
 Non-Advantage Network We’ll reimburse the patient based on the VSP Advantage Plan or VSP Enhanced
 Advantage Plan non-VSP provider reimbursement schedule if out-of-network
 coverage is available.
 VSP Signature Plan VSP Essentials Plan Non-Advantage Network We’ll reimburse the patient based on the VSP Essentials Plan non-VSP provider
 reimbursement schedule if out-of-network coverage is available.
 VSP Advantage Plan, VSP
 Enhanced Advantage Plan or
 VSP Essentials Plan
 VSP Choice Plan Advantage Network You'll be reimbursed based on the VSP Choice Plan COB allowances (See COB
 rules for exceptions.)
 VSP Advantage Plan, VSP
 Enhanced Advantage Plan or
 VSP Essentials Plan
 VSP Choice Plan Non-Advantage Network We'll reimburse the patient based on the VSP Choice Plan non-VSP provider
 reimbursement schedule if the out-of-network coverage is available.
 VSP Choice Plan VSP Advantage Plan, VSP
 Enhanced Advantage Plan or VSP
 Essentials Plan
 Advantage Network You’ll be reimbursed according to the Advantage COB Secondary Allowances.
 VSP Choice Plan VSP Advantage Plan or VSP
 Enhanced Advantage Plan
 Non-Advantage Network We’ll reimburse the patient based on the VSP Advantage Plan or VSP Enhanced
 Advantage Plan non-VSP provider reimbursement schedule if out-of-network
 coverage is available.
 VSP Choice Plan VSP Essentials Plan Non-Advantage Network We’ll reimburse the patient based on the VSP Essentials Plan non-VSP provider
 reimbursement schedule if out-of-network coverage is available.
 Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
VSP Advantage Plan Lens Enhancements Charts
 2
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 13
 VSP Advantage Plan Lens Enhancement Charts
 September 1, 2024 VSP Advantage Lens Enhancements Chart
 September 1, 2024 VSP Enhanced Advantage Lens Enhancements Chart
Client Details
 3
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 14
 Blue Cross of Idaho
 The following client details apply to Blue Cross of Idaho True Blue and Secure Blue Medicare Advantage plan patients only (does not include True Blue HMO SNP). Refer to VSP Advantage Plan
 section for complete coverage details not listed below.
 Please note:
 VSP currently covers the Blue Cross of Idaho Medicare Supplement plan members under a Choice Exam Plus plan coverage. This will not change.
 Lenses
 Spectacle lens coverage under the VSP Advantage Plan is designed to provide necessary lenses covered in full, including single vision, bifocal, trifocal, or lenticular lenses in plastic or glass. You’ll
 receive your Advantage Plan lens dispensing fee for covered lenses.
 Lens Enhancements
 Members are covered for standard progressives, scratch coating and UV protection. If a patient chooses a covered lens enhancement, you’ll receive the Advantage Plan covered service fee.
 If your patient selects a non-covered lens enhancement, charge the patient according to the VSP Advantage Network Lens Enhancements Chart.
 Lab
 TM 
All orders must be sent to VSPOne Columbus. In--office finishing equipment or stock lenses may not be used.
 Only in an emergency situation may a private lab be used. See Using Non-Contract Labs for more information. If a non-contract lab is used for an emergency situation, the non-Genesis frame
 allowance would apply.
 Covered Frame
 ®
 Frames from the Altair Genesis collection is covered for patients and will be lab supplied though VSPOne™ Columbus. You’ll receive a $19 frame dispensing fee. To ensure correct frame
 dispensing payment, enter both wholesale and retail frame amounts and choose lab supplied frame option. Genesis frames are fully covered when a complete pair of prescription glasses (lenses
 and frame) is ordered. Genesis frame only orders are a private transaction and the frame will not be covered by VSP.
 You can also use Genesis frames to meet the needs of non-Blue Cross of Idaho patients. Order frames through Altair just as you do today. To inquire or request Genesis frames, contact Altair
 at 800.505.5557.
 Other Frames
 A patient has the option of supplying their own frame or purchasing a non-Genesis frame from you. The non-Genesis retail frame allowance is $50. We’ll pay you up to 55% of the patient’s retail
 frame allowance. When the frame exceeds the retail allowance, charge the patient 80% of the retail price exceeding the allowance. Regardless of the frame brand that’s purchased, the benefit for
 lenses will still follow Advantage Plan pricing (see Lenses section above). In-office finishing equipment or stock lenses may not be used.
 Contact Lenses
 Patients may select contact lenses instead of glasses. Please refer to the Patient Record Report for details.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 15
 Blue Cross Blue Shield of South Carolina Medicare Advantage
 The following client details apply to Blue Cross Blue Shield Medicare Advantage (PPO and HMO patients only). Refer to VSP Advantage Plan section for complete coverage details not listed below.
 Lenses
 Spectacle lens coverage under the VSP Advantage Plan is designed to provide necessary lenses covered in full, including single vision, bifocal, trifocal, or lenticular lenses in plastic or glass. You’ll
 receive your Advantage Plan lens dispensing fee for covered lenses.
 Lens Enhancements
 If your patient selects a non-covered lens enhancement, charge the patient according to the VSP Advantage Network Lens Enhancements Chart.
 Lab
 TM 
All orders must be sent to VSPOne Columbus. In--office finishing equipment or stock lenses may not be used.
 Only in an emergency situation may a private lab be used. See Using Non-Contract Labs for more information. If a non-contract lab is used for an emergency situation, the non-Genesis frame
 allowance would apply.
 Covered Frame
 ®
 Frames from the Altair Genesis collection is covered for patients and will be lab supplied though VSPOne™ Columbus. You’ll receive a $19 frame dispensing fee. To ensure correct frame
 dispensing payment, enter both wholesale and retail frame amounts and choose lab supplied frame option. Genesis frames are fully covered when a complete pair of prescription glasses (lenses
 and frame) is ordered. Genesis frame only orders are a private transaction and the frame will not be covered by VSP.
 You can also use Genesis frames to meet the needs of non-Blue Cross Blue Shield of South Carolina patients. Order frames through Altair just as you do today. To inquire or request Genesis
 frames, contact Altair at 800.505.5557.
 Other Frames
 A patient has the option of supplying their own frame or purchasing a non-Genesis frame from you. The non-Genesis retail frame allowance is $50. We’ll pay you up to 55% of the patient’s retail
 frame allowance. When the frame exceeds the retail allowance, charge the patient 80% of the retail price exceeding the allowance. Regardless of the frame brand that’s purchased, the benefit for
 lenses will still follow Advantage Plan pricing (see Lenses section above). In-office finishing equipment or stock lenses may not be used.
 Contact Lenses
 Patients may select contact lenses instead of glasses. Please refer to the Patient Record Report for details.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 16
 Moda Health Medicare Advantage
 The following client details apply to Moda Health Medicare Advantage (Moda Health PPO and Moda Health Plan Medicare Supplement patients only). Refer to VSP Advantage Plan section for
 complete coverage details not listed below.
 Lenses
 Spectacle lens coverage under the VSP Advantage Plan is designed to provide necessary lenses covered in full, including single vision, bifocal, trifocal, or lenticular lenses in plastic or glass. You’ll
 receive your Advantage Plan lens dispensing fee for covered lenses.
 Lens Enhancements
 Members are covered for standard progressives, scratch coating and UV protection. If a patient chooses a covered lens enhancement, you’ll receive the Advantage Plan covered service fee. If
 your patient selects a con-covered lens enhancement, charge the patient according to the VSP Advantage Network Lens Enhancements Chart.
 Lab
 ™
 All orders must be sent to VSPOne Columbus. In--office finishing equipment may not be used.
 Only in an emergency situation may a private lab be used. See Using Non-Contract Labs for more information. If a non-contract lab is used for an emergency situation, the non-Genesis frame
 allowance would apply.
 Covered Frame
 ®
 Frames from the Altair Genesis collection are covered for patients and will be lab supplied through VSPOne™ Columbus. You’ll receive a $19 frame dispensing fee. To ensure correct frame
 dispensing payment, enter both wholesale and retail frame amounts and choose lab supplied frame option. Genesis frames are fully covered when a complete pair of prescription glasses (lenses
 and frame) is ordered. Genesis frame only orders would be a private transaction and the frame will not be covered by VSP.
 You can also use Genesis frames to meet the needs of non-Moda Health Plan patients. Order frames through Altair just as you do today. To inquire or request Genesis frames, contact Altair
 at 800.505.5557.
 Other Frames
 A patient has the option of supplying their own frame or purchasing a non-Genesis frame from you. The non-Genesis retail frame allowance is $50. We’ll pay you up to 55% of the patient’s retail
 frame allowance. When the frame exceeds the retail allowance, charge the patient 80% of the retail price exceeding the allowance. Regardless of the frame brand that’s purchased, the benefit for
 lenses will still follow Advantage Plan pricing (see Lenses section above). In-office finishing equipment or stock lenses may not be used.
 Contact Lenses
 Patients may select contact lenses instead of glasses. Please refer to the Patient Record Report for details.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 17
 Summit Health Plan
 The following client details apply to Summit Health Plan patients only. Refer to VSP Advantage Plan section for complete coverage details not listed below.
 Lenses
 Spectacle lens coverage under the VSP Advantage Plan is designed to provide necessary lenses covered in full, including single vision, bifocal, trifocal, or lenticular lenses in plastic or glass. You’ll
 receive your Advantage Plan lens dispensing fee for covered lenses.
 Lens Enhancements
 Members are covered for standard progressives, scratch coating and UV protection. If a patient chooses a covered lens enhancement, you’ll receive the Advantage Plan covered service fee.
 If your patient selects a non-covered lens enhancement, charge the patient according to the VSP Advantage Network Lens Enhancements Chart.
 Lab
 ™
 All orders must be sent to VSPOne Columbus. In--office finishing equipment or stock lenses may not be used.
 Only in an emergency situation may a private lab be used. See Using Non-Contract Labs for more information. If a non-contract lab is used for an emergency situation, the non-Genesis frame
 allowance would apply.
 Covered Frame
 ®
 Frames from the Altair Genesis collection are covered for patients and will be lab supplied through VSPOne™ Columbus. You’ll receive a $19 frame dispensing fee. To ensure correct frame
 dispensing payment, enter both wholesale and retail frame amounts and choose lab supplied frame option. Genesis frames are fully covered when a complete pair of prescription glasses (lenses
 and frame) is ordered. Genesis frame only orders would be a private transaction and the frame will not be covered by VSP.
 You can also use Genesis frames to meet the needs of non-Moda Health Plan patients. Order frames through Altair just as you do today. To inquire or request Genesis frames, contact Altair
 at 800.505.5557.
 Other Frames
 A patient has the option of supplying their own frame or purchasing a non-Genesis frame from you. The non-Genesis retail frame allowance is $50. We’ll pay you up to 55% of the patient’s retail
 frame allowance. When the frame exceeds the retail allowance, charge the patient 80% of the retail price exceeding the allowance. Regardless of the frame brand that’s purchased, the benefit for
 lenses will still follow Advantage Plan pricing (see Lenses section above). In-office finishing equipment or stock lenses may not be used.
 Contact Lenses
 Patients may select contact lenses instead of glasses. Please refer to the Patient Record Report for details.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 18
 California State University (CSU) Client Details
 Computer Vision Care (CVC)
 Only eligible California State University employees are covered for a Computer VisionCare (CVC). Dependents are not covered. CSU Retirees benefits exclude CVC coverage.
 To receive a CVC benefit, employees must obtain a VSP Computer VisionCare Confirmation Form from their CSU campus benefits office and present the form to you at the time of service. Keep a
 copy of the VSP Computer VisionCare Confirmation Form signed by the patient in their file.
 You’ll be reimbursed according to the Advantage Plan Professional Fee Schedule for CVC materials dispensed and your Advantage Plan fees for CVC exams. Refer to the CVC section of the VSP
 Manual for additional information.
 VSP Computer Visioncare Confirmation Form
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 19
Advantage Network Fee Schedules
 Missouri (MO)
 Alabama (AL)
 Alaska (AK)
 Arizona (AZ)
 Arkansas (AR)
 California (CA)
 Colorado (CO)
 Connecticut (CT)
 Delaware (DE)
 District of Columbia (DC)
 Florida (FL)
 Advantage Eff 12/10/20
 Enhanced Advantage Eff 12/31/23
 Essentials Eff 12/10/20
 City of Passaic BOE Eff 12/10/20
 UC and UC Retirees Eff 1/1/21
 Advantage Eff 12/10/20
 Enhanced Advantage Eff 12/31/23
 Essentials Eff 12/10/20
 City of Passaic BOE Eff 12/10/20
 UC and UC Retirees Eff 1/1/21
 Advantage Eff 12/10/20
 Enhanced Advantage Eff 12/31/23
 Essentials Eff 12/10/20
 City of Passaic BOE Eff 12/10/20
 UC and UC Retirees Eff 1/1/21
 Advantage Eff 12/10/20
 Enhanced Advantage Eff 12/31/23
 Essentials Eff 12/10/20
 City of Passaic BOE Eff 12/10/20
 UC and UC Retirees Eff 1/1/21
 Advantage Eff 12/10/20
 Enhanced Advantage Eff 12/31/23
 Essentials Eff 12/10/20
 City of Passaic BOE Eff 12/10/20
 UC and UC Retirees Eff 1/1/21
 Advantage Eff 12/10/20
 Enhanced Advantage Eff 12/31/23
 Essentials Eff 12/10/20
 City of Passaic BOE Eff 12/10/20
 UC and UC Retirees Eff 1/1/21
 Advantage Eff 12/10/20
 Enhanced Advantage Eff 12/31/23
 Essentials Eff 12/10/20
 City of Passaic BOE Eff 12/10/20
 UC and UC Retirees Eff 1/1/21
 Advantage Eff 12/10/20
 Enhanced Advantage Eff 12/31/23
 Essentials Eff 12/10/20
 City of Passaic BOE Eff 12/10/20
 UC and UC Retirees Eff 1/1/21
 Advantage Eff 12/10/20
 Enhanced Advantage Eff 12/31/23
 Essentials Eff 12/10/20
 City of Passaic BOE Eff 12/10/20
 UC and UC Retirees Eff 1/1/21
 Advantage Eff 12/10/20
 Enhanced Advantage Eff 12/31/23
 Essentials Eff 12/10/20
 City of Passaic BOE Eff 12/10/20
 UC and UC Retirees Eff 1/1/21
 Advantage Eff 12/10/20
 Enhanced Advantage Eff 12/31/23
 Essentials Eff 12/10/20
 City of Passaic BOE Eff 12/10/20
 UC and UC Retirees Eff 1/1/21
 Nebraska (NE)
 Nevada (NV)
 New Hampshire
 (NH)
 New Jersey (NJ)
 New Mexico (NM)
 New York (NY)
 North Carolina (NC)
 North Dakota (ND)
 Ohio (OH)
 Advantage Eff 12/10/20
 Enhanced Advantage Eff 12/31/23
 Essentials Eff 12/10/20
 City of Passaic BOE Eff 12/10/20
 UC and UC Retirees Eff 1/1/21
 Advantage Eff 12/10/20
 Enhanced Advantage Eff 12/31/23
 Essentials Eff 12/10/20
 City of Passaic BOE Eff 12/10/20
 UC and UC Retirees Eff 1/1/21
 Advantage Eff 12/10/20
 Enhanced Advantage Eff 12/31/23
 Essentials Eff 12/10/20
 City of Passaic BOE Eff 12/10/20
 UC and UC Retirees Eff 1/1/21
 Advantage Eff 12/10/20
 Enhanced Advantage Eff 12/31/23
 Essentials Eff 12/10/20
 City of Passaic BOE Eff 12/10/20
 UC and UC Retirees Eff 1/1/21
 Advantage Eff 12/10/20
 Enhanced Advantage Eff 12/31/23
 Essentials Eff 12/10/20
 City of Passaic BOE Eff 12/10/20
 UC and UC Retirees Eff 1/1/21
 Advantage Eff 12/10/20
 Enhanced Advantage Eff 12/31/23
 Essentials Eff 12/10/20
 City of Passaic BOE Eff 12/10/20
 UC and UC Retirees Eff 1/1/21
 Advantage Eff 12/10/20
 Enhanced Advantage Eff 12/31/23
 Essentials Eff 12/10/20
 City of Passaic BOE Eff 12/10/20
 UC and UC Retirees Eff 1/1/21
 Advantage Eff 12/10/20
 Enhanced Advantage Eff 12/31/23
 Essentials Eff 12/10/20
 City of Passaic BOE Eff 12/10/20
 UC and UC Retirees Eff 1/1/21
 Advantage Eff 12/10/20
 Enhanced Advantage Eff 12/31/23
 Essentials Eff 12/10/20
 City of Passaic BOE Eff 12/10/20
 UC and UC Retirees Eff 1/1/21
Georgia (GA) Advantage Eff 12/10/20
 Enhanced Advantage Eff 12/31/23
 Essentials Eff 12/10/20
 City of Passaic BOE Eff 12/10/20
 UC and UC Retirees Eff 1/1/21
 
 Oklahoma (OK) Advantage Eff 12/10/20
 Enhanced Advantage Eff 12/31/23
 Essentials Eff 12/10/20
 City of Passaic BOE Eff 12/10/20
 UC and UC Retirees Eff 1/1/21
 Hawaii (HI) Advantage Eff 12/10/20
 Enhanced Advantage Eff 12/31/23
 Essentials Eff 12/10/20
 City of Passaic BOE Eff 12/10/20
 UC and UC Retirees Eff 1/1/21
 
 Oregon (OR) Advantage Eff 12/10/20
 Enhanced Advantage Eff 12/31/23
 Essentials Eff 12/10/20
 City of Passaic BOE Eff 12/10/20
 UC and UC Retirees Eff 1/1/21
 
Idaho (ID) Advantage Eff 12/10/20
 Enhanced Advantage Eff 12/31/23
 Essentials Eff 12/10/20
 City of Passaic BOE Eff 12/10/20
 UC and UC Retirees Eff 1/1/21
 
 Pennsylvania (PA) Advantage Eff 12/10/20
 Enhanced Advantage Eff 12/31/23
 Essentials Eff 12/10/20
 City of Passaic BOE Eff 12/10/20
 UC and UC Retirees Eff 1/1/21
 
Illinois (IL) Advantage Eff 12/10/20
 Enhanced Advantage Eff 12/31/23
 Essentials Eff 12/10/20
 City of Passaic BOE Eff 12/10/20
 UC and UC Retirees Eff 1/1/21
 
 Puerto Rico (PR) Advantage Eff 12/10/20
 Enhanced Advantage Eff 12/31/23
 Essentials Eff 12/10/20
 City of Passaic BOE Eff 12/10/20
 UC and UC Retirees Eff 1/1/21
 
Indiana (IN) Advantage Eff 12/10/20
 Enhanced Advantage Eff 12/31/23
 Essentials Eff 12/10/20
 City of Passaic BOE Eff 12/10/20
 UC and UC Retirees Eff 1/1/21
 
 Rhode Island (RI) Advantage Eff 12/10/20
 Enhanced Advantage Eff 12/31/23
 Essentials Eff 12/10/20
 City of Passaic BOE Eff 12/10/20
 UC and UC Retirees Eff 1/1/21
 
Iowa (IA) Advantage Eff 12/10/20
 Enhanced Advantage Eff 12/31/23
 Essentials Eff 12/10/20
 City of Passaic BOE Eff 12/10/20
 UC and UC Retirees Eff 1/1/21
 
 South Carolina (SC) Advantage Eff 12/10/20
 Enhanced Advantage Eff 12/31/23
 Essentials Eff 12/10/20
 City of Passaic BOE Eff 12/10/20
 UC and UC Retirees Eff 1/1/21
 
Kansas (KS) Advantage Eff 12/10/20
 Enhanced Advantage Eff 12/31/23
 Essentials Eff 12/10/20
 City of Passaic BOE Eff 12/10/20
 UC and UC Retirees Eff 1/1/21
 
 South Dakota (SD) Advantage Eff 12/10/20
 Enhanced Advantage Eff 12/31/23
 Essentials Eff 12/10/20
 City of Passaic BOE Eff 12/10/20
 UC and UC Retirees Eff 1/1/21
 
Kentucky (KY) Advantage Eff 12/10/20
 Enhanced Advantage Eff 12/31/23
 Essentials Eff 12/10/20
 City of Passaic BOE Eff 12/10/20
 UC and UC Retirees Eff 1/1/21
 
 Tennessee (TN) Advantage Eff 12/10/20
 Enhanced Advantage Eff 12/31/23
 Essentials Eff 12/10/20
 City of Passaic BOE Eff 12/10/20
 UC and UC Retirees Eff 1/1/21
 
Louisiana (LA) Advantage Eff 12/10/20
 Enhanced Advantage Eff 12/31/23
 Essentials Eff 12/10/20
 City of Passaic BOE Eff 12/10/20
 UC and UC Retirees Eff 1/1/21
 
 Texas (TX) Advantage Eff 12/31/23
 Advantage Eff 12/10/20
 Enhanced Advantage Eff 12/31/23
 Essentials Eff 12/10/20
 City of Passaic BOE Eff 12/10/20
 UC and UC Retirees Eff 1/1/21
 
Maine (ME) Advantage Eff 12/10/20
 Enhanced Advantage Eff 12/31/23
 Essentials Eff 12/10/20
 City of Passaic BOE Eff 12/10/20
 UC and UC Retirees Eff 1/1/21
 
 Utah (UT) Advantage Eff 12/10/20
 Enhanced Advantage Eff 12/31/23
 Essentials Eff 12/10/20
 City of Passaic BOE Eff 12/10/20
 UC and UC Retirees Eff 1/1/21
 
Maryland (MD)
 Vermont (VT)
 Advantage Eff 12/10/20
 Enhanced Advantage Eff 12/31/23
 Essentials Eff 12/10/20
 City of Passaic BOE Eff 12/10/20
 UC and UC Retirees Eff 1/1/21
 Massachusetts (MA)
 Michigan (MI)
 Minnesota (MN)
 Mississippi (MS)
 Montana (MT)
 Advantage Eff 12/10/20
 Enhanced Advantage Eff 12/31/23
 Essentials Eff 12/10/20
 City of Passaic BOE Eff 12/10/20
 UC and UC Retirees Eff 1/1/21
 Advantage Eff 12/10/20
 Enhanced Advantage Eff 12/31/23
 Essentials Eff 12/10/20
 City of Passaic BOE Eff 12/10/20
 UC and UC Retirees Eff 1/1/21
 Advantage Eff 12/10/20
 Enhanced Advantage Eff 12/31/23
 Essentials Eff 12/10/20
 City of Passaic BOE Eff 12/10/20
 UC and UC Retirees Eff 1/1/21
 Advantage Eff 12/10/20
 Enhanced Advantage Eff 12/31/23
 Essentials Eff 12/10/20
 City of Passaic BOE Eff 12/10/20
 UC and UC Retirees Eff 1/1/21
 Advantage Eff 12/10/20
 Enhanced Advantage Eff 12/31/23
 Essentials Eff 12/10/20
 City of Passaic BOE Eff 12/10/20
 UC and UC Retirees Eff 1/1/21
 Advantage Eff 12/10/20
 Enhanced Advantage Eff 12/31/23
 Essentials Eff 12/10/20
 City of Passaic BOE Eff 12/10/20
 UC and UC Retirees Eff 1/1/21
 Virginia (VA)
 Washington (WA)
 West Virginia (WV)
 Wisconsin (WI)
 Wyoming (WY)
 Advantage Eff 12/10/20
 Enhanced Advantage Eff 12/31/23
 Essentials Eff 12/10/20
 City of Passaic BOE Eff 12/10/20
 UC and UC Retirees Eff 1/1/21
 Advantage Eff 12/10/20
 Enhanced Advantage Eff 12/31/23
 Essentials Eff 12/10/20
 City of Passaic BOE Eff 12/10/20
 UC and UC Retirees Eff 1/1/21
 Advantage Eff 12/10/20
 Enhanced Advantage Eff 12/31/23
 Essentials Eff 12/10/20
 City of Passaic BOE Eff 12/10/20
 UC and UC Retirees Eff 1/1/21
 Advantage Eff 12/10/20
 Enhanced Advantage Eff 12/31/23
 Essentials Eff 12/10/20
 City of Passaic BOE Eff 12/10/20
 UC and UC Retirees Eff 1/1/21
 Advantage Eff 12/10/20
 Enhanced Advantage Eff 12/31/23
 Essentials Eff 12/10/20
 City of Passaic BOE Eff 12/10/20
 UC and UC Retirees Eff 1/1/21
 Doctors can access their Advantage Fee Schedule on VSPOnline by going to www.eyefinity.com/goto/fees, clicking on “View Your Fees,” and then clicking on the “Advantage” button.
Single Vision
 Expand All|Collapse All
 ⌃
 Lenticular Single Vision
 Bifocal
 Lenticular Bifocal
 Trifocal
 Lenticular Trifocal
 Double
 Quad
 Category C (QT)
 Category C w/ Backside UV (QT + BV)
 Category D (QV)
 Category D w/ Backside UV (QV + BV)
 Glass
 Plastic
 ⌃
 ⌃
 ⌃
 ⌃
 ⌃
 ⌃
 ⌃
 Expand All|Collapse All
 ⌃
 ⌃
 ⌃
 ⌃
 Expand All|Collapse All
 ⌃
 ⌃

=== END OF VSP_Advantage_Manual_Plain text.txt ===



=== START OF VSP Manual Plain text.txt ===

Last Updated: Jun 1, 2025
 VSP MANUAL
 Effective Date: Jan 1, 2025
NOTE: This manual remains the sole and exclusive property of VSP®. The information contained in this manual is confidential and proprietary, and the VSP network provider is granted a limited
 personal and nontransferrable license for use of the content of this manual during participation on the VSP network. The contents of this manual may not be used, copied, and/or reproduced
 for any other purpose, or disclosed and/or disseminated to any third party for any purpose whatsoever, without the prior written consent of VSP. If, for any reason, the manual recipient no
 longer participates on the VSP network, the doctor hereby agrees, and is directed, to immediately destroy this manual, all copies, and any and all amendments and addenda that may be issued
 by VSP from time to time.
VSP MANUAL TABLE OF CONTENT
 Introduction 1
 Scope of the Manual 1.1
 Contacting VSP 1.2
 Tools and Forms 2
 Tools and Forms Index 2.1
 Explanation of Payment Message Codes 2.2
 VSP Signature Plan Lens Enhancements Charts 2.3
 Eligibility and Authorization 3
 Determining a Patient's Eligibility 3.1
 Submitting Claims/Timeliness 3.2
 Claim Appeals 3.3
 Coordination of Benefits 4
 Coordination of Benefits 4.1
 Determining and Applying Benefits 4.2
 COB Routine Secondary Allowances 4.3
 COB Client Exception Rules 4.4
 Submitting COB Claims 4.5
 COB Resources 4.6
 Plans and Coverages 5
 VSP Signature Plan 5.1
 Contact Lens Benefits 5.2
 VSP Access Plan & VSP Access Indemnity Plan 5.3
 VSP Integrated Primary EyeCare Program 5.4
 VSP Exam Plus Plan & Exam Plus With Allowances Plan 5.5
 ProTec Safety Plan 5.6
 Safety EyeCare Plan 5.7
 LightCare Enhancement 5.8
 Computer VisionCare Plan 5.9
 VSP EasyOptions 5.10
 Repair/Replace Benefits 5.11
 VSP Elements Program 5.12
 Retinal Screening 5.13
 Essential Medical Eye Care 5.14
 VSP Diabetic Eyecare Plus Program 5.15
 Laser VisionCare Program 5.16
 Low Vision 5.17
 Vision Therapy 5.18
 Interim Benefits 5.19
 Telemedicine 5.20
 Eye Exams 6
 VSP WellVision Exam Components 6.1
 Pediatric Eye Exams 6.2
 Supplemental Testing or Procedures 6.3
 Exam Documentation 6.4
 Medical Record Documentation 6.5
 Contact Lens Case Management Procedures 6.6
 Quality Measures 6.7
 Clinical Practice Guidelines 6.8
 Dispensing Patient Lens Enhancements 7
 Using Our Contract Lab System 7.1
 VSP In-Office Finishing Program 7.2
 Maui Jim 7.3
 National Contract Lab List 7.4
 Patient Lens Enhancement Fees Instructions 7.5
 Patient Lens Enhancement Explanations 7.6
 Sales Tax 7.7
 Proprietary Lens and Frame 7.8
 Doctor In-Office Lens Enhancements 7.9
 Providing Frames 7.10
 Frame Companies/Lines 7.11
 First-Time Doctor Redos 7.12
 Product Index 7.13
 Client Details 8
 BCBSM-MESSA (Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan - MESSA) 8.1
 Coventry Health Care of Virginia, Coventry Health Care of West Virginia, Coventry Health and Life Insurance Company 8.2
 ®
 ® SM
 SM
Elective Contact Lens Copayment Exception Clients 8.3
 Elective Contact Lens Covered In Full Exception Clients 8.4
 Hexcel Corp Clients Details (Utah Employees Only) 8.5
 Hometown Health Plan Integrated Primary Eyecare 8.6
 Idaho Power Company Client Details 8.7
 Navajo Transitional Energy Company 8.8
 NV Energy Client Details 8.9
 Post-Cataract Enhancement Clients 8.10
 Principal Financial Group 8.11
 RTX corporation 8.12
 The Greenbrier Company Inc 8.13
 Tucson Electric Power 8.14
 Union Benefits Trust 8.15
 United State Parcel Service (UPS) 8.16
 Vulcan Materials Client Details (Alabama employees Only) 8.17
 Meta 8.18
 Policies 9
 Business Continuity Plan 9.1
 Complaints and Grievance 9.2
 Credentialing and Recredentialing 9.3
 Insurance, Licensure and Certification 9.4
 Locum Tenens 9.5
 Medicaid & Medicare Compliance 9.6
 Office Location Standards 9.7
 Patient Rights and Responsibilities 9.8
 Provider Dispute Resolution Procedure 9.9
 Quality Assurance Program 9.10
 Quality Management Program 9.11
 Reimbursement 9.12
 Services Subjected to Review/Audit 9.13
 Submitting Patient Conditions Requirement 9.14
 VSP Privacy Commitment 9.15
 VSP Fraud, Waste and Abuse Policy 9.16
 Use of The VSP Name and Logo 9.17
 VSP Saving Statement 9.18
 VSP Electronic Funds Transfer and Explanation of Payment Policies 9.19
 Resources 10
 Glossary 10.1
 ®
Introduction
 1
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 1
 Scope of the Manual
 Use this manual in combination with your patient’s Patient Record Report. If you participate in other VSP networks, we’ll provide those manuals to you.
 The VSP Provider Reference Manual contains guidelines for your partnership with VSP. The core sections and their contents are:
 Tools for Locating Information
 The Table of Contents, lists the main manual topics by section.
 ®
 Eligibility and Authorization: Processes for verifying patient eligibility for VSP coverage, determining which benefits apply, and submitting claims for reimbursement.
 Plans and Coverages: Covered services and administration of Vision Service Plan eyecare plans.
 Eye Exams: Standard exam and supplemental test procedures for children and adults. Also includes processes for documentation requirements and referrals.
 Dispensing and Patient Lens Enhancements: Procedures for dispensing spectacle lenses and frames to patients. Also explains the use of contract labs and how to administer a necessary
 redo.
 Client Details: Specifics about benefits, coordination of benefits, and reimbursement.
 Policies: A listing of VSP’s policies and procedures for quality management, reimbursement, office standards, advertising, and safety.
 The Glossary of the manual, provides an alphabetical listing of common terms used throughout this manual. A concise definition is provided for each term.
Page 2
 Contacting VSP
 Contacting VSP by Phone and Email
 Service Number Notes
 Provider Services
 Support Line
 (pre-claim
 submission)
 800.615.1883 Representatives are available to answer questions:
 Effective 12/1/2021:
 Monday - Saturday - 6:00 a.m. – 5:00 p.m. PST
 Sunday - Closed
 You may also refer VSP members to vsp.com. After dialing, you’ll be greeted by our Interactive Voice Response (IVR) system. After the
 salutation, you may reach a representative by selecting from the following options:
 Press 1: Eligibility and authorization information
 Press 2: All other inquiries
 Provider Services
 Support Line
 (post-claim
 submission)
 844.344.3591 For questions about claims that have already been submitted, representatives are available Monday through Saturday from 6:00
 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time.
 After dialing, you'll be greeted by our Interactive Voice Response (IVR) system.
 Please enter your office phone number.
 Press 1: Look up claim information based on a claim number
 Press 2: Look up claim information based on a Member ID
 Press 3: Look up claim information based on a member's last four (4) of their Social Security Number (SSN)
 Provider Relations providernetworkdevelopment@
 vsp.com
 Provider Relations will answer the following questions:
 Becoming a VSP Provider, revenue generating opportunities and training opportunities for doctors and staff.
 Credentialing/recredentialing and updating practice information.
 Member Services
 (Patients)
 800.877.7195 Representatives are available to answer questions from patients:
 Monday - Friday 5:00 a.m. – 8:00 p.m. PST
 Saturday - 7:00 a.m. – 8:00 p.m. PST
 Sunday - 7:00 a.m. – 8:00 p.m. PST
 Effective 1/1/2022:
 Monday - Saturday 6:00 a.m. – 5:00 p.m. PST
 Sunday - Closed
 Medicare members hours are Monday – Sunday, 8:00 a.m. – 8:00 p.m. in all time zones
 You may also refer VSP members to vsp.com.
 
 Contacting VSP by Mail
 Correspondence In-Network Claims Out-of-Network Claims
 VSP
 PO Box 997100
 Sacramento, CA 95899-7100
 VSP
 PO Box 495907
 Cincinnati, OH 45249-5907
 VSP
 PO Box 495918
 Cincinnati, OH 45249-5918
 
Ordering Supplies and Forms
 Shipping Time
 Most shipments will be sent UPS ground. Please allow the appropriate time for shipment. If you need faster delivery, please make note of the priority on your request.
 Ordering Online
 You may order supplies through VSPOnline on eyefinity.com.
 Ordering by Phone
 Call the Provider Services Support Line at 800.615.1883.
 Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
Tools and Forms
 2
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 3
 Tools and Forms Index
 Plan Reference Chart
 CMS-1500 Claim Form Quick Reference Card
 Computer VisionCare Questionnaire
 Coordination of Benefits Acknowledgement
 Explanation of Payment Quick Reference Guide
 First-Time Redo Verification Form
 Frame Benefit Examples/Frame Calculator
 Interactive Voice Response Quick Reference Card
 Low Vision Verification Form
 Material Invoice Form
 Materials Invoice Quick Reference Card
 Materials Verification Form
 Member Complaint/Grievance Forms (National/California-Only/California-Spanish/California-Chinese)
 Primary Care Provider Communication Form
 Provider Dispute Resolution Request & Multiple Provider Dispute Resolution Forms
 Safety Requirements Questionnaire
 Vision Benefit Statement
 Vision Therapy Verification Form (ICD-10)
 VSP Savings Statement (with 20% discount) (without discount)
 Current VSP Signature Lens Enhancements Chart
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 4
Explanation of Payment Message Codes
 01 Frame not authorized.
 02 Lens not authorized.
 03 Exam not authorized.
 04 Fee reduced due to late submission.
 05 Frame over limit.
 06 Doctor’s redo.
 07 Secondary COB claim.
 08 Adjustment
 09 Value plan only – exam billed as new patient – downcoded to established.
 10 Interest payment associated with late payment of a claim.
 15 Your primary insurance coverage reimbursed expenses in full.
 17 Primary COB claim.
 20 Changed doctor information
 21 Changed lab ID information
 22 Changed benefit form (claim) number
 23 Changed benefit form information
 24 Changed assignee information
 25 Additional changes made
 26 Changed lab invoice number
 27 Changed group information
 28 In-Office Finishing Claim Adjustment.
 2H In-Office Finishing service is not allowed for the benefit type
 2I In-Office Finishing option code is not allowed with other options billed
 2J Unapproved lab was used for this In-Office Finishing service
 2K Service is not payable due to related In-Office Finishing service being denied
 30 Deleted exam service
 31 Deleted lens service
 32 Deleted frame service
 33 Deleted contact lens service
 34 Deleted treatment service
 35 Deleted lens option service
 36 Deleted miscellaneous service
 39 A material code is required with dispensing services.
 3A A valid date of service is required (CMS-1500 box 24a).
 3B Date of service is after the claim received date (CMS-1500 box 24a).
 3C Units exceed the allowed amount for this procedure (CMS-1500 box 24g).
 3D Anesthesia units must reflect the number of minutes spent with the patient (CMS-1500 box 24g).
 3E Service requires an appropriate modifier (CMS-1500 box 24d).
 3F Inappropriate billing of modifiers (CMS-1500 box 24d).
 3G Place of service is inappropriate for service billed (CMS-1500 box 32).
 3H Place of service and modifier combination is not appropriate (CMS-1500 boxes 32 & 24d).
 3I Place of service is not valid (CMS-1500 box 32).
 3J Service requires a primary medical eyecare diagnosis (CMS-1500 box 21).
 3K Diagnosis code is not appropriate for this benefit (CMS-1500 box 21).
 3L Diagnosis referenced is not appropriate for the service (CMS-1500 box 21).
 3M Diagnosis code combination is not appropriate (CMS-1500 box 21).
 3N At least one primary eyecare diagnosis is required (CMS-1500 box 21).
 3O A valid diagnosis code is required (CMS-1500 box 21).
 3P Service code is not valid (CMS-1500 box 24d).
 Code Message
3Q Material code must be accompanied by the appropriate service code (CMS-1500 box 24d).
 3R An accompanying service code was not billed (CMS-1500 box 24d).
 3S Option/service code combination is not appropriate (CMS-1500 box 24d or Lab Information/Option Codes section of the Materials Invoice or the Basic Form).
 3T All claim lines must have a valid procedure code (CMS-1500 box 24d).
 3U Service code is not allowed with other services billed (CMS-1500 box 24d).
 3V Service is a non-specific code (CMS-1500 box 24d).
 3W If there is a lens HCPCS code, a corresponding lens type must be provided (Lens Type section of the Materials Invoice or the Basic Form).
 3X If there is a lens type, a corresponding lens HCPCS code must be provided, or the check box was not selected on the Materials Invoice form.
 3Y Lens HCPCS code does not match the corresponding lens type code (CMS-1500 box 24d and the Lens Type section of the Materials Invoice or the Basic Form).
 3Z A frame supplier must be indicated (Frame Service/Frame Supplied By section of the Materials Invoice or the Basic Form).
 40 Added exam service
 41 Added lens service
 42 Added frame service
 43 Added contact lens service
 44 Added treatment service
 45 Added lens option service
 46 Added miscellaneous service
 4A A frame supplier and wholesale frame cost must be supplied (Frame Service/Frame Supplied By and Frame Cost sections of the Materials Invoice or the Basic Form).
 4B A frame HCPCS code must be provided.
 4C Frame service requires a wholesale frame cost (Frame Service/Frame Cost section of the Materials Invoice or the Basic Form).
 4D A lab ID is required (Lab ID Code section of the Materials Invoice or the Basic Form).
 4E Lab is not active on date of service.
 4F A lab invoice is required (Lab Information/Invoice # section of the Materials Invoice or the Basic Form).
 4G There is indication of another health plan (CMS-1500 boxes 9a-d or 11a-d). Submit the proper forms from the other insurance company.
 4H Copy of patient’s membership card is required.
 4I Service requires supporting documentation.
 4J Documentation submitted does not support the medical necessity for this procedure.
 4K Patient’s medical record is required.
 4L Submit documentation summarizing treatment to date and ongoing treatment plan.
 4M Service requires precertification from VSP.
 4N Service requires precertification and an invoice to be submitted.
 4O Claim billed with V58.69 or V67.51 requires a secondary diagnosis code that describes the disease state (CMS-1500 box 21).
 4P Indicate if patient is covered by another health plan (CMS-1500 boxes 9a-d or 11a-d).
 4Q Documentation was not submitted prior to providing services.
 4R Patient’s date of birth is required (CMS-1500 box 3).
 4S A valid member ID is required (CMS-1500 box 1a).
 4T Patient’s full name is required (CMS-1500 box 2).
 4U Patient’s signature or signature on file is required (CMS-1500 boxes 12 & 13).
 4V Patient relationship does not match VSP records (CMS-1500 box 6).
 4W Name on the referral does not match the patient’s name (CMS-1500 box 2).
 4X Service date is prior to the referral date (CMS-1500 box 24a).
 4Y A VSP referral is required.
 4Z Referring doctor’s name and NPI are required (CMS-1500 boxes 17 & 17b).
 50 Changed service date
 51 Changed exam service
 52 Changed lens service
 53 Changed frame supplier
 54 Changed contact lens service
 55 Changed treatment service
 Code Message
56 Changed lens option service
 57 Changed miscellaneous service
 5A Referral has expired for this service.
 5B Date on referral form is missing.
 5C Self-referral by rendering doctor is inappropriate.
 5D Your Medicaid ID number is not on file with VSP.
 5E Service requires the name of the VSP Primary Eyecare Doctor.
 5F Rendering doctor’s full name is required (CMS-1500 box 31).
 5G Physical address is required (CMS-1500 box 32).
 5H Rendering doctor’s signature is required (CMS-1500 box 31).
 5I Federal Tax ID is required (CMS-1500 box 25).
 5J Rendering doctor’s NPI is required (CMS-1500 box 24J).
 5K Doctor’s signature date is later than the claim received date at VSP (CMS-1500 box 31).
 5L Doctor not eligible to provide services billed.
 5M Coordination of Benefit is not allowed per Client provisions.
 5N Service code is not a covered service for the patient.
 5O Patient is not eligible for the service provided.
 5P Service is not a covered benefit for the patient.
 5Q Service is not payable due to a related service paid in patient’s history.
 5R Service was previously paid in the last 12 month period.
 5S Billing address is required (CMS-1500 box 33).
 5T Service is not payable when billed in the global period of a related service.
 5U From/to dates of service exceed post-op care period (CMS-1500 box 24a).
 5V Comprehensive exam was found in history & was downcoded to an intermediate exam.
 5W Technical and Professional components should not be billed separately by the same provider.
 5X This service is included in the reimbursement of another procedure billed for this date of service.
 5Y Post-op/Pre-op visits are not separately payable within global period of surgery.
 5Z This procedure is not reimbursed when performed during a surgical global period.
 60 Changed exam billed amount
 61 Changed lens billed amount
 62 Changed frame billed amount
 63 Changed contact lens billed amount
 64 Changed treatment billed amount
 65 Changed lens option billed amount
 66 Changed miscellaneous billed amount
 68 Claim paid twice
 69 Claim paid in error
 6A Procedure is included in reimbursement of a previously paid global service.
 6B Patient condition indicates third party liability.
 6C Patient is ineligible for VSP Medical Eyecare Benefits provided by a non-VSP provider/location.
 6D Services not a VSP covered benefit. Refer to health plan.
 6E Service has previously been paid.
 6F Service provided by assistant surgeon is not payable.
 6G VSP medical guidelines were not followed.
 6H Claim was submitted beyond allowed submission period.
 6I A VSP Referral from a primary care provider is required for this procedure.
 6J Option code is not allowed with the other options billed.
 6K Accompanying option code was not billed.
 6L Option code is not allowed with the billed lens type.
 Code Message
6M Option code is not allowed for the benefit type.
 6N Option code is not valid at date of service.
 6O Criteria has not been met for the service code.
 6P Options are not allowed unless there is a lens service code.
 6Q Service code is not allowed for benefit type.
 6R Claim resubmitted beyond the VSP 180-day allowed re-submission period.
 6S Service is not payable due to related service being denied.
 6T Patient has exhausted allowance.
 6U Service exceeds frequency allowance.
 6V Service has been combined and processed under the exam for same date of services.
 6X Patient not covered by plan for date of service.
 6Y Rendering provider information for date of service doesn’t match VSP systems.
 6Z Patient must be covered by more than one VSP Group.
 70 Changed patient name
 71 Changed patient relation code
 72 Changed patient DOB
 74 Changed group information
 75 Changed deductible information
 76 Changed exclusion information
 77 Updated frame code
 78 Updated contacts allowance
 79 Updated grid code
 7A Date of service is not within the effective dates of the BR.
 7B Service code billed is not appropriate for patient.
 7C Service line amount is required.
 7D Billed amount was not entered or the service(s) is payable at $0.00 (CMS-1500 box 24f).
 7E Refraction service (92015) billed without an exam is not a payable service.
 7F Service is only payable to a licensed or qualified resident physician.
 7G Lens Dispensing was modified to match materials provided by Lab.
 7H Member is under the Access Plan which is a discount only benefit.
 7I Option code is only payable once per date of service.
 7J Remaining services will be processed on a separate claim.
 7K Refer to Provider Reference Manual under Covered and Non-Covered Options.
 7L Frame service requires a retail frame cost.
 7M Submit the birth date of each Member who provides coverage for this dependent.
 7N Submit a complete copy of the Explanation of Benefits (EOB), including the message code explanations, itemized services, amount(s) paid, applied to the deductible, or services denied.
 7O A copy of the original CMS-1500 or claim form that was submitted to the primary insurance carrier is needed.
 7P The name and address of the contract lab is necessary. If an independent lab was used, submit a copy of the optical invoice and include the wholesale cost of materials (Lab Information/Lab ID Code section of
 the Materials Invoice or the Basic Form).
 7Q Patient has no out-of-pocket expenses left to coordinate.
 7R Service code not billed to the primary insurance.
 7S COB allowed for co-pays only.
 7T Refer to Provider Reference Manual, COB Rules 2 & 3.
 7U Refer to Provider Reference Manual, COB Rule 7.
 7V Refer to Provider Reference Manual, COB Rule 5.
 7W Coordination of Benefits only allowed with Medicare.
 7X Claim or attachment(s) are not legible and cannot be processed. Resubmit a legible copy.
 7Y Documents indicate that VSP is tertiary. Itemized EOB from secondary carrier is required.
 7Z Add-on fees are necessary for non-covered options.
 80 Changed member ID.
 Code Message
81 Changed member name
 82 Changed member address
 83 Changed member city
 84 Changed member state
 85 Changed member zip code
 86 Changed COB total amount
 87 Services reversed. Dr to pay lab.
 88 Special lens
 89 Per doctor’s request
 8A Lens type is needed.
 8B Contact lens type is needed.
 8C The U&C contact lens fee is needed.
 8D Frames are dispensed by the lab for this client.
 8E Unapproved lab was used for this client.
 8F Polycarbonate option has been covered in full for monocular diagnosis.
 8G CMS-1500 billed amount and EOB billed amount does not match (CMS-1500 box 24f).
 8H Product name is required.
 8I Services can only be rendered by a VSP credentialed doctor.
 8J Diagnosis code is not allowed as primary (CMS-1500 box 21).
 8K Primary diagnosis code is blank (CMS-1500 box 21).
 8L Copay added to allowed amount for contact lens professional or material services if total billed charges exceed ECL allowance.
 8M Billed amount has been rolled up to a related service to maximize payment.
 8N Adjustment on Exam Plus or Access Indemnity to maximize provider payment.
 8O Standard option code is not allowed with a progressive option code.
 8P Glass option code is not allowed with a plastic option code.
 8Q Frame has been denied; therefore, frame case is not covered.
 8R Frame case has not been billed; therefore, frame case is not covered.
 8S Frame case is only covered if frame is supplied by the lab or doctor.
 8T Effective February 26, 2005, to be reimbursed for an eyeglass case, you must bill HCPCS code V2756 with your U&C fee for case. VSP will pay the billed amount up to $2.00.
 8U Service is not payable due to related service being denied.
 8V HCPCS service code added per material invoice.
 8W Documentation submitted does not support the necessity for this procedure.
 8X Claim denied per doctor’s request.
 8Y CLCP Qualified patient—initial supply
 8Z COB amount includes out-of-pocket expense from past service in the same service/calendar year.
 90 Per lab’s request
 91 N in grid
 9A Effective August 27, 2004, bill HCPCS code V2756 for an eyeglass case.
 9B Frame collection type is required.
 9C Does not meet qualification for special lens reimbursement.
 9D The patient's plan does not have an allowance for special lenses.
 9E Frame is not from the approved Titmus collection.
 9F COB amounts include out of pocket expenses using service for service application.
 9G Refer to Provider Reference Manual, COB Rule 4.
 9H The date of service billed on the CMS-1500 does not match the date of service on the Explanation of Benefits.
 9I Refraction is not allowed with the examination billed.
 9J Maximum allowance for materials has been met.
 9K Refraction service is not payable if billed without an exam or if the exam is denied.
 9L The secondary exam allowance includes exam and refraction overages.
 Code Message
9M Second or subsequent lens re-dos are private transactions between you, the lab and the patient.
 9N Member share of cost has been deducted from the allowed amount.
 9O The member's share of cost must be entered in box 29 on the CMS-1500 form.
 9P Member share of cost exceeds claim allowance.
 9Q Original claim number previously submitted. New claim number assigned by VSP.
 9R The service billed was not issued on the claim authorization.
 9S The service billed was not issued on the claim authorization.
 9T Exam billed is not payable due to an exam in patient's history for the same date of service.
 9U Claim has been corrected to add fitting of spectacle and/or modifier.
 9V Misdirected claim, re-submit to: THMP, P.O. Box 200555, Austin, TX 78272.
 9W Routine ophthalmological examination reimbursement includes refraction.
 9X 99xxx codes are not payable for routine/supplemental exams. Please bill using 92002-92014.
 9Y Frame is not allowed unless there is a payable lens service code.
 9Z Lens services have been reimbursed under fitting of spectacles.
 A# Contact lens program adjustment
 A* Paper claim processing charge adjustment
 A0 Paid claim twice.
 A1 Doctor fees on file incorrect.
 A2 Lab fees on file incorrect.
 A3 Nonmember fee schedule incorrect.
 A4 Adjustment.
 A5 Option amount on file incorrect.
 A6 Not covered under PIA. Please refer to the eManual.
 A7 Redo Transaction handled privately.
 A8 Health Reimbursement Arrangement indicated. Submit copy of patient’s HRA EOB.
 AD Non-covered polycarbonate option AD on safety claim
 AI Partnership Plus adjustment
 B Partnership Plus electronic auth & eClaim, $2.00 per claim.
 B1 Partnership Plus electronic auth & eClaim with Altair level 1, $4.00 per claim.
 B2 Partnership Plus electronic auth & eClaim with Altair level 2, $6.00 per claim.
 C1 Exam has been denied. Your plan does not pay for service(s) from a non VSP Medicaid doctor in your state.
 C3 Costco – Patient Paid Privately (OA Only).
 C4 Under VSP redo guidelines, an addition or change in tint or coating by patient or doctor is not covered if this is the only reason for the redo.
 C5 Your routine vision benefit does not cover medical vision services. The attached billed services are medical vision services.
 C6 The attached claim needs to be submitted electronically in accordance with your VSP Laser VisionCareSM Program agreement.
 C7 Exam processed by CIGNA Medical, COB for refraction only.
 C8 The CMS-1500 claim form is not completely/accurately filled out. Please submit a new CMS-1500 claim form.
 C9 Post authorization is required because of the lens type provided.
 CA The patient’s plan does not allow contact lenses unless you receive prior authorization from VSP.
 CM IOF Uncut - Combined Material Reimbursement.
 CP Paper claim charge waived.
 D1 Claim or service is denied. Refer to Provider Reference Manual for appeal process.
 D2 Claim or service is denied as unprocessable because it contains incomplete and/or invalid information.
 D3 Claim or service is denied as unprocessable because it contains incomplete and/or invalid information and no appeal rights are afforded. Please resubmit entire claim, including attachments, with the
 completed/corrected information.
 E Partnership Plus electronic authorization, $0.50 per paid claim.
 E1 Partnership Plus electronic authorization with Altair level 1, $1.00 per paid claim.
 E4 Patient Condition Hypertension or High Cholesterol, $2.00 additional payment on Exam service.
 E5 Patient Condition Diabetes or Diabetic Retinopathy, $5.00 additional payment on Exam service.
 F1 Partnership Plus Frame Program, $5.00 per claim.
 Code Message
FQ Elective contact lenses
 G VSP Inspire Progressive Lens, $10 per claim
 HA Payment is made at contracted rate
 IF In-Office Finishing services performed
 IL IOF Option; refer to In-Office Finishing Fee Schedule for payment
 IO Option code is not allowed with In-Office Finishing
 KA Non-covered progressive option on safety claim
 KD Non-covered polycarbonate option on safety claim
 ME Exam Payment is made at contracted rate
 OM Billed amount over the maximum allowed for this service
 OP Patient pays VSP option price for this service
 P3 Patient Paid Privately (OA Only)
 PC Paper claim charge $2.00 per claim
 PM *Asterisk – VSP is unable to provide Patient Pay Materials for this plan. Please refer to the PRM for appropriate billing
 PU Patient pays doctor’s U&C fee for this service
 RD Exam payment reduced by 20% of your comp exam payable. Bill 92015 with exam service for full payment.
 RX Refraction service (92015) billed without an exam is not a payable service.
 SE Patient not eligible for this service on service date
 UA Adjustment to pay UNITY Savings.
 UD Adjustment to reverse UNITY Savings.
 UF Uncut In-Office Finishing services performed.
 UI Total UNITY Savings paid.
 UN VSP is unable to calculate patient resp. Totals exclude unknown amounts.
 US Service eligible for UNITY Savings.
 Code Message
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2024
 Page 5
 ®
 VSP Signature Plan Lens Enhancements Charts
 ®
 September 1, 2024 Signature Plan Lens Enhancements Chart
Eligibility and Authorization
 3
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 6
 Determining a Patient's Eligibility
 Authorizing Coverage and Benefits
 Before providing services, make sure your patient is eligible for benefits by retrieving an authorization. At that time, you’ll get information about your patient’s plan, coverage, and current benefit
 eligibility. You’ll also get a unique authorization number for your patient. Remember: an authorization number doesn’t guarantee payment. Review any comments or notations at the bottom of
 the Patient Record Report to confirm patient eligibility. Confirmation is required to show that the services and materials provided meet our plan requirements before issuing payment.
 There are two ways to get an authorization number:
 1. eClaim: Log onto eyefinity.com, go to the eInsurance tab or select Get Authorizations & Check Eligibility.
 Click Member Search. Enter any one of the following valid search combinations:
 Full Member ID only. (Member ID can be SSN or Client-Specific Employee ID)
 Member first name, member last name, and date of birth (DOB).
 Last 4 SSN, member last name, and member first name.
 Last 4 SSN, member last name, member first name, and date of birth (DOB).
 Last 4 SSN, member last name, and DOB.
 Note:
 Enter more information for best results. Try SSN or Member ID to locate all records.
 Important! 
Make sure you choose the correct member and patient prior to issuing an authorization. If you’re not sure which member to choose, call VSP at 800.615.1883 for assistance.
 2. Customer Service: Call VSP at 800.615.1883. Select “1” to use our automated phone system. Or, you can talk with a Customer Service representative who’ll check the patient’s current
 eligibility, provide plan information, and issue an authorization number.
 Important! 
Authorizations are usually effective for 30 days from the issue date. You’ll receive an ‘Invalid Authorization’ error message in eClaim if you submit a claim for a date of service not within the
 effective dates. If this happens, obtain a new authorization valid for the date of service and resubmit.
 Refer to the Patient Record Report or the Lens Enhancements Charges Report for an explanation of your patient’s coverage.
 Important! 
Before ordering or providing services, tell your patients that they’re responsible for payment of non-covered services and materials.
 VSP patients have the ability to access and/or print a Member Vision Card from vsp.com, and may provide a card when visiting your practice for services.
 Note:
 A Member Vision Card isn’t required for services.
 While the card will provide basic benefit/plan information, please don’t rely on it solely for benefit coverage information. You must verify your patient’s eligibility and obtain an authorization
 on eyefinity.com. To view what information is available on the card, please refer to the Member Vision Card Quick Reference Guide.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2024
 Page 7
 Submitting Claims/Timeliness
 In most cases, we process claims that are received within 180 days of the date of service. Please note that when glasses are ordered, we won’t receive a claim until the lab finishes the order and
 submits the claim to VSP.
 Remember to bill your U&C fees on all claims. We’ll pay the lesser of the billed amount or your assigned fee. To confirm claim status, visit eyefinity.com, or call VSP at 800.615.1883.
 A “clean” claim is a claim that can be processed without additional information from you, your patient, or someone else.
 When any part of a claim is found to be false, VSP will deny payment for the entire claim. There is no entitlement to partial payment of a claim. Denial of the claim may occur when the claim is
 submitted or upon subsequent review during the course of an audit.
 It’s your responsibility to get an authorization and ensure the information is accurate. Payment could be delayed if you submit a claim without an authorization number. An incorrect
 authorization number could result in claim denial and/or you may incur lab charges. Authorization numbers can’t be transferred between claims.
 When submitting claims, please complete all fields to accurately show the services you provided.
 When we request dates of service, we’re looking for:
 Exam: the date you performed your patient’s eye exam.
 Glasses: the date your patient ordered their glasses.
 Contacts: the date the contact lens fitting and evaluation started. If you didn’t perform a contact lens fitting and evaluation, use the date when contact lens materials were ordered by your
 patient.
 It’s your responsibility to get an authorization and ensure the information is accurate. Payment could be delayed if you submit a claim without an authorization number. An incorrect
 authorization number could result in claim denial and/or you may incur lab charges. Authorization numbers can’t be transferred between claims.
 When submitting claims, please complete all fields to accurately show the services you provided.
 Important! 
You’re responsible for all claims submitted by you, your employees, and agents of your practice.
 Please remember you can’t disclose any information about your patient to any other person or organization without the written consent of your patient, legal guardian, parent, or his/her
 authorized representative unless:
 Your patient is unable to give written consent, or
 State or federal law requires disclosure.
 Standard procedure requires you to collect and report encounter data, which is specific patient information that serves the purposes stated below:
 Supports the role of optometrists as healthcare providers.
 Meets reporting guidelines required by regulatory agencies.
 Documents the efficiency, quality, and cost effectiveness of care provided.
 Demonstrates the value of vision care in treating and managing diseases, as well as maintaining overall good health.
 Submitting Patient Conditions Requirement
 Doctors are required to submit patient conditions through eClaim on eyefinity.com, practice management software, or paper claims. Patient condition submission is monitored as part of the
 Quality Assurance (QA) Program and results are provided in the QA Review Summary. Outcomes identifying the need for improvement will require the doctor’s acknowledgement of the results
 and an improvement action plan.
 Refer to the following section to learn more about the importance of indicating patient conditions on your VSP claims, including the opportunity for additional reimbursement.
 Policies
 Submitting Patient Conditions Requirement
 You can easily indicate patient conditions using the eClaim form by checking the appropriate condition box(es) or by including the respective diagnosis code(s) under the “Check condition(s)
 patient is known to have” section.
 ®
 TM
 For all practice management systems, including Eyefinity Practice Management, OfficeMate , and AcuityLogic , you can indicate patient conditions by checking one or more of the
 condition checkboxes or by using the applicable diagnosis codes included below.
 Notes: 
If you enter an equivalent diagnosis code, eClaim will check the box for you.
 Patient Condition Sticky Notes are available for you to collect patient conditions and keep them top of mind throughout the exam process and serve as a reminder to indicate the condition when
 submitting the claim. Sticky notes can be ordered for free on the Supply Request Form on VSPOnline at eyefinity.com.
 Check one or more of the boxes or enter diagnosis code(s) for the following:
 Diabetes. Patients who either self-reported having diabetes or are taking medications specifically for diabetes.
 Diabetic Retinopathy. Patients who have diabetic retinopathy, regardless of whether they have been diagnosed with diabetes.
 Hypertension. Patients who either self-reported being diagnosed with hypertension or those who are taking medications specifically for hypertension.
 High Cholesterol. Patients who either self-reported being diagnosed with high cholesterol or those who are taking medications specifically for high cholesterol.
 Glaucoma. Patients who have been diagnosed with glaucoma at any time, including the current visit.
 ARMD (Age-related Macular Degeneration). Patients who have been diagnosed with ARMD at any time, including the current visit.
 At Risk for Prediabetes. Patients who either self-report as having prediabetes or have been identified as being at risk for prediabetes using an online risk assessment.
 Dilation
 Choose Yes or No in the drop-down menu in eClaim when asked if dilation was performed. If dilation is not performed for a patient with diabetes, be sure to document the clinical rationale in
 the patient’s medical record.
 Primary Care Provider (PCP) Communication
 
 
 
Complete the Invoice Services page first to provide the material order details.
 Select a VSP contract lab.
 Click on Calculate HCPCS & Continue.
 Enter refractive error reason(s), then any additional diagnosis codes for any other medical conditions.
 Select the appropriate patient condition checkbox(es).
 Complete the Diagnosis & Services page by entering your U&C fees next to the correct CPT/HCPCS code.
 Select the type of contacts dispensed.
 Choose Yes or No in the drop-down menu when asked if the PCP Communication was completed. If you did not communicate with the PCP for a patient with diabetes, be sure to document the
 reason in the patient’s medical record.
 For more information on Eye Health Management visit VSPOnline at eyefinity.com, go to Programs, and click Eye Health Management Program.
 Note: 
Tools for communicating with your patients’ PCP can be found on VSPOnline. Under Administration select Submitting Patient Conditions and then click on the Resources tab.
 Use the check boxes to indicate patient conditions; diabetes, diabetic retinopathy, hypertension and/or high cholesterol on eClaim. Submit additional conditions like glaucoma, age-related
 macular degeneration, patients at risk for prediabetes, and other conditions using diagnosis codes.
 Diabetes Diabetes Retinopathy
 E10.10 - E10.9 E10.311 - E10.3599
 E11.00 - E11.9 E11.311 - E11.3599
 E13.00 - E13.9 E13.311 - E13.3599
 H21.1X1 - H21.1X9
 Glaucoma Age-related Macular Degeneration
 H40.001 - H40.009 H35.30
 H40.011 - H40.019 H35.3110 - H35.3114
 H40.021 - H40.029 H35.3120 - H35.3124
 H40.051 - H40.059 H35.3130 - H35.3134
 H40.061 - H40.069 H35.3190 - H35.3194
 H40.10X0 - H40.10X4 H35.3210 - H35.3214
 H40.1110 - H40.1194 H35.3220 - H35.3224
 H40.1210 - H40.1294 H35.3230 - H35.3234
 H40.1310 - H40.1394 H35.3290 - H35.3294
 H40.1410 - H40.1494 H35.33
 H40.151 - H40.159 H35.341 - H35.349
 H40.20X0 - H40.20X4 H35.351 - H35.359
 H40.211 - H40.219 High Cholesterol
 H40.2210 - H40.2294 E78.00
 H40.231 - H40.239 E78.01
 H40.241 - H40.249 E78.1
 H40.30X0 - H40.33X4 E78.2
 H40.40X0 - H40.43X4 E78.3
 H40.50X0 - H40.53X4 E78.41
 H40.60X0 - H40.63X4 E78.49
 H40.811 - H40.839 E78.5
 H40.89 Hypertension
 H40.9 H35.031-H35.039
 H42 I10
 Q15.0 I97.3
 Prediabetes
 R73.03
 Glasses
 Contact lenses
Select the contact lens reason (see Contact Lens Plans in the “Plans & Coverages” section of this manual).
 If contact lens exam services (fitting and evaluation) were performed, include this in the correct drop-down box.
 Indicate the contact lens manufacturer
 Specify the contact lens brand
 Enter the number of boxes
 Specify the Modality
 Click on Calculate HCPCS
 Enter refractive error reason(s), then enter any additional diagnosis codes for other medical conditions.
 Select the appropriate patient condition checkbox(es).
 Complete the Diagnosis & Services page by entering your U&C fees next to the correct CPT/HCPCS code.
 Flexible Spending Account (FSA)
 Some of our clients have asked us to collect and report patients’ total FSA eligible out-of-pocket expenses to their flexible spending account vendors. For these patients, the Patient Record Report
 will indicate, “This patient may participate in a Flexible Spending Account (FSA) program.”
 You’ll also notice a field titled FSA on eClaim to collect the patient's total FSA out-of-pocket expenses. This amount includes both the VSP out-of-pocket charges you calculated in Box 29 and any
 eligible charges for non-covered items you do not include on the VSP claim (like second pairs and contact lens solution). Report the total for the FSA after the secondary COB payment has been
 deducted from the patient's primary out-of-pocket charges.
 Here’s a list of common FSA eligible expenses, which is subject to change based on IRS regulations:
 Copays
 Lens enhancements
 Frame overages
 Contact lens overages
 Contact lens solution
 Additional prescription glasses not covered by the benefit
 Prescription sunglasses not covered by the benefit
 Plano sunglasses not covered by the benefit (if deemed medically necessary by the doctor)
 Here’s an example to help you calculate what should be entered in the FSA box for a patient who uses VSP benefits for glasses and pays for contact lenses, contact lenses services, and solution
 privately:
 Expense
 Cost
 VSP copay
 Frame overage (VSP prescription glasses)
 Box 29: Total VSP Patient out-of-pocket expenses
 85% of contact lens exam services (fitting and evaluation) --private pay
 Contacts (private pay)
 Contact lens solution (private pay)
 Total non-VSP out-of-pocket expenses
 + Total VSP out-of-pocket expenses (calculated above)
 TOTAL eligible FSA (reported in FSA box)
 $20
 $50
 $70
 $100
 $150
 $20
 $270
 $70
 $340
 We primarily use two paper claim forms: the CMS-1500 form and the VSP Materials Invoice form. Please refer to the CMS-1500 Claim Form Quick Reference Card and the Materials Invoice Quick
 Reference Card in the Tools & Forms section of this manual for instructions on completing these forms, including where to enter the Authorization Number and/or the Materials Verification
 number.
 Using the CMS-1500 Form
 Refer to the CMS-1500 Claim Form Quick Reference Card for detailed instructions. We will only accept original, red copy CMS-1500 forms. Photocopies or faxed forms will be rejected.
 To expedite processing when submitting CMS-1500 claims, be sure to:
 Check that all patient information is complete and correct.
 Check that Boxes 12 and 13 have correct signatures or indicate a signature is on file.
 Use valid, complete diagnosis codes. Always code to the highest degree of specificity when indicating diagnosis.
 Enter additional diagnosis codes for any other medical conditions your patient may have.
 Enter the correct place of service in Box 24B.
 Include a letter in Box 24E that “points” to the appropriate diagnosis in Box 21.
 Include doctor NPI in Box 24J if multiple doctors are using the tax ID in Box 25.
 Complete Box 32 with the practice’s physical address, not a PO Box.
 CMS Plus Materials Invoice (CMS-Plus)
 If a plan requires the use of a contract lab, and you dispense lenses and/or frames to an eligible patient, use a Materials Invoice Form with the CMS-1500 Claim Form. If you don’t use a contract
 lab, or if you provide only an exam or dispense contact lenses, submit only the CMS-1500 Form.
 If you need to submit a Materials Invoice Form with the CMS-1500 Form:
 1. Complete both forms.
 2. Attach the two completed forms.
 3. Send both claim forms to the lab. (The lab will forward the claim to VSP for payment after the glasses have been made)
 Contract Lab Orders
 The lab will fill orders that contain lenses and frames, and forward the claims to us for payment.
If the lab contacts you about a missing or incomplete CMS-1500 Claim Form, submit a completed form to the lab as soon as possible. If a completed form isn’t received within 10 working days of
 initial notification, the lab can’t fill your order and will return the Materials Invoice Form to you.
 It’s your responsibility to check patient eligibility for materials and to correctly complete the forms. If a material claim is denied payment, any materials you order will be billed to you, and you'll
 be responsible for paying the lab.
 In most cases, we process claims that are received within 180 days following the date of service.
 Remember: 
When lenses and frames are ordered, we don’t get the claim until the lab completes the order and submits the claim to us.
 Materials Codes on CMS-1500 Form
 It’s important that you list any materials sold (lenses, frames, and lens enhancements), with the appropriate V code, on the CMS-1500 Claim Form as we’ll reimburse you only for services listed
 on the CMS-1500 Form. The information provided on the Materials Invoice Form is only for lab use. The following are samples of Comment Codes and the appropriate forms and actions:
 CMS-1500 Form Comment Codes and Claim Filing Actions
 Comment Code
 Billed Service(s)
 Type of Form(s)
 Submit to
 L064
 L064
 L071
 L083
 Exam
 Exam and CL
 Any Service
 Exam w/ Lenses and/or Frame
 CMS
 CMS
 CMS
 CMS + Materials Invoice
 If you’re away for a period of time and use a substitute or fill in provider, you can submit a claim using eClaim or paper.
 Submit the claim under your NPI and Tax ID number
 Include the substitute or fill in provider’s NPI or SSN in box 19 “Reserved for Local Use” and a modifier for each line – use modifier Q5
 VSP
 VSP
 VSP
 Contract lab
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 8
 Claim Appeals
 To dispute/appeal a claim based on an individual claim denial, a bundle of claims denial or dissatisfaction with a claim payment, you may appeal by filing a claim dispute or appeal. See Appeal
 Process below.
 For other disputes, including disputes related to Network Doctor Adverse Actions and actions as a result of an audit conducted pursuant to VSP’s Fraud, Waste and Abuse Policy, please see VSP’s
 Dispute Resolution Policy under the Policies section of this manual. The Fraud, Waste and Abuse Policy can be found under this same section.
 To check the status of a claim, call VSP at 800.615.1883 or access eyefinity.com.
 For claim corrections, such as a diagnosis code, billed amount or service code, call VSP at 800.615.1883 or complete the claim correction form on eyefinity.com.
 VSP considers you to be authorized to act on behalf of your patient in pursuing appeals of denied claims. It’s your responsibility to:
 Inform patients of their right to appeal a claim denial.
 Explain the appeal process to your patients.
 Get your patients’ approval to act as their authorized representative in the appeal process. If your patients don’t agree to you representing them in the appeal process, please direct them to
 contact VSP Member Services at 800.877.7195.
 This Appeal process is for disputes/appeals related to individual claim denials, a bundle of claims denial or your dissatisfaction with a claim payment. All other disputes shall be submitted
 pursuant to VSP’s Dispute Resolution Policy cited above.
 All Appeals under this section can be submitted online, by mail, or by phone. Incomplete appeals will be returned.
 A sample Provider Claim Dispute Request Form is provided in the Tools & Forms section of this manual. If you prefer to submit a written appeal without using the form, please include the
 following information with your written appeal:
 1. Your name and Payment Arrangement ID number
 2. Your contact information
 3. Original claim number (listed on the Explanation of Payment)
 4. Supporting documentation
 You can appeal multiple “like” denials (i.e., numerous claims denied for untimely filing) at the same time by using the Multiple-Provider Claim Dispute Form with the Provider Claim Dispute
 Request.
 For most states and plans, appeals must be submitted to us within 180 calendar days from the date of the Explanation of Payment. See state and plan exceptions for specific timeframes and
 rules.
 Online: Complete the Provider Claim Dispute Request Form available in the Forms Library under Administration on VSPOnline on eyefinity.com.
 Mail: Send appeals to: VSP Claim Appeals, PO Box 2350, Rancho Cordova, CA 95741-2350.
 Phone: Call VSP at 800.615.1883 (California and New Mexico Provider Disputes must be received in writing)
 We’ll review your appeal and send a written response within 30 calendar days for most states and plans. Should the initial denial be upheld, you have the right to pursue a second-level appeal.
 Second-level appeals must be received within 60 calendar days from the date of the letter stating that the appeal has been denied. Follow the same process listed above to submit second-level
 appeals.
 Arizona
 Arizona Medicaid has unique requirements. For more information, see Submitting Claims/Billing, Reimbursement, & Appeals section in the Arizona Medicaid Manual.
 California
 Appeals unrelated to Notices of Adverse Action and actions as a result of an audit conducted pursuant to VSP’s Fraud and Abuse Policy (See above under “Claim Appeals”) must be submitted to
 us within 365 calendar days from the date of the denial. Califorina Medicare must submit to us within 60 calendar days from the date of the denial. We’ll review your appeal and send a written
 response within 45 working days.
 If you believe all or part of this claim has been wrongfully denied, you may have the matter reviewed by the California Department of Insurance at: 
California Department of Insurance, Health Claims Bureau
 300 South Spring Street, South Tower
 Los Angeles, CA 90013, www.insurance.ca.gov 
800.927.4357 (HELP) TDD: 800.482.4833.
 Missouri
 Appeals submitted from providers in Missouri must be received within 180 calendar days of original receipt of claim denial. We’ll review your appeal and send a written response within 20
 business days from the date of receipt of all information needed to process the appeal.
 New Jersey
 Appeals submitted from providers in New Jersey must be received within 90 calendar days of original receipt of claim denial. We’ll review your appeal and send a written response within 10
 business days from the date of receipt of all information needed to process the appeal.
 Our internal second-level appeal is optional for New Jersey doctors. Following state law, New Jersey doctors have the right to use an external second-level appeal after participating in our first
level appeal process.
 If you choose this option, we’ll share the cost of the arbitration equally. To initiate this process, submit the appeal in writing to an independent arbitrator listed with the American Arbitration
 Association and send a copy to us at: VSP Claim Appeals, PO Box 2350, Rancho Cordova, CA 95741-2350.
 Here is additional contact information if you need additional information:
 American Arbitration Association
 Customer Service: 800.778.7879, 212.484.4181
 Web site: adr.org
 NJ E-mail: casefiling@adr.org
 ERISA is a federal law that sets minimum standards for most voluntarily established pension and health plans in private industry to provide protection for people covered under these plans. If
 your patient’s employer pays for all or part of the patient’s benefits, the patient has additional appeal rights mandated by ERISA.
Under this law, patients can get copies of all documents, records, and other information relevant to their appeal free of charge.
 Once all mandatory appeals have been completed, ERISA patients may have other voluntary alternative dispute resolution options, such as mediation. Your patients may refer to their Evidence
 of Coverage (EOC) or Standard Plan Description (SPD), contact their local U.S. Department of Labor Office or their State Insurance regulatory agency to find out what’s available.
 ERISA patients have the right to contest the decision of the appeal process. Under ERISA Section 502(a)(I)(B), patients have the right to bring civil actions. This right can be exercised when all
 required reviews of their claims (including the appeal process) have been completed, the claim wasn’t approved (in whole or in part), and a patient disagrees with the outcome.
 Some clients require VSP to provide their members with a Vision Benefit Statement (VBS) instead of the current VSP Savings Statement. The VBS provides patients with a summary of the amount
 they have been charged for the services received and will also provide any denial procedures directly to the patient. If a client requires VSP to provide a VBS, the Patient Record Report will state:
 Patient will receive Vision Benefit Statement (VBS) directly from VSP; a VSP Savings Statement will not be available.
 View a sample of the Vision Benefit Statement.
Coordination of Benefits
 4
 Some patients have vision coverage from more than one benefits plan, either multiple VSP plans or a VSP plan and a medical plan. In these situations, coordinating benefits will help your
 patients maximize their coverage and lower costs. This section includes guidelines for coordinating benefits for your VSP patients. Every practice and patient is unique, and these guidelines are
 intended to provide best practices to help realize the full value of your patient’s coverage. You can also find guidelines for supplemental plans under that plan’s information in the Plans and
 Coverages section.
 Please discuss billing options, including coordination of benefits (COB), with your VSP patient to identify ways to maximize value for them and create additional revenue opportunities for your
 practice.
 If your patient requests COB, the following guidelines apply when your patient’s coverage is with two VSP plans or when a non-VSP plan is primary and a VSP plan is secondary.
 If your patient’s VSP plan is primary and any other insurance plan is secondary, call VSP at 800.615.1883 to request a letter detailing your patient’s out-of-pocket expenses that can be shared with
 the secondary insurer.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 9
 Coordination of Benefits
 Some patients have vision coverage from more than one benefits plan, either multiple VSP plans or a VSP plan and a medical plan. In these situations, coordinating benefits will help your
 patients maximize their coverage and lower costs. This section includes guidelines for coordinating benefits for your VSP patients. Every practice and patient is unique, and these guidelines are
 intended to provide best practices to help realize the full value of your patient’s coverage. You can also find guidelines for supplemental plans under that plan’s information in the Plans and
 Coverages section.
 Please discuss billing options, including coordination of benefits (COB), with your VSP patient to identify ways to maximize value for them and create additional revenue opportunities for your
 practice.
 If your patient requests COB, the following guidelines apply when your patient’s coverage is with two VSP plans or when a non-VSP plan is primary and a VSP plan is secondary.
 If your patient’s VSP plan is primary and any other insurance plan is secondary, call VSP at 800.615.1883 to request a letter detailing your patient’s out-of-pocket expenses that can be shared with
 the secondary insurer.
Page 10
 Determining and Applying Benefits
 1. Based on your professional judgment, determine if the service is routine or medical.
 2. Determine the primary and secondary plans.
 3. Verify eligibility and available services under each plan.
 4. Determine patient responsibility, based on primary insurance.
 5. Submit the primary and secondary claims, following the appropriate Submitting Claim instructions.
 6. Apply total COB secondary allowance, less any secondary copays, to patient's total primary out-of-pocket expense. Patient pays remaining balance, but not more than the allowed amount.
 1. Determine the primary and secondary plans.
 2. Review Coordination of Benefits between Multiple VSP Plans to verify VSP plans can coordinate.
 3. Verify eligibility and if any services are exhausted under either plan.
 There are several common COB situations, including VSP primary to another carrier, multiple VSP plans, health plan or Medicare with VSP coverage, routine versus medical services, and VSP
 secondary to another vision carrier. This section includes guidelines for coordinating benefits for your VSP patients.
 Use the following to assist your patient in maximizing the eyecare benefits (vision or medical).
 Review the scenarios below to help determine your patient’s primary and secondary plans, if your patient is covered under multiple plans and isn’t a dependent child. If none of the scenarios fit,
 the plan that’s covered your patient longest is primary.
 Patient has and then
 VSP coverage the spouse has non-VSP coverage the patient’s VSP plan is primary.
 VSP coverage the spouse has VSP coverage the patient’s VSP plan is primary.
 non-VSP coverage the spouse has VSP coverage the patient’s non-VSP plan is primary. The spouse’s VSP plan is secondary.
 VSP and non-VSP coverage none of the Coordination of Benefits Rules listed below
 apply
 the plan covering your patient longest is primary*
 Medicaid coverage through VSP has other coverage (through a health plan or Medicare) Medicare or the other coverage is primary.
 The VSP Medicaid plan is secondary
 one or more VSP plans is not eligible for Medicare the plan covering your patient longest is primary*
 VSP coverage as an active employee VSP coverage as a retiree under another VSP plan the active employee VSP plan is primary. The VSP retiree plan is
 secondary.
 COBRA coverage (a continuation plan) is active with another plan as an employee or dependent the active employee or dependent VSP plan is primary.
 The COBRA VSP plan is secondary.
 VSP coverage as a retiree is active under a COBRA plan the COBRA plan is primary. The retiree plan is secondary.
 VSP coverage as a dependent of a retired
 employee
 is an active employee in another VSP plan the plan covering the patient as an active employee is primary.
 The VSP plan covering the patient as a dependent is secondary.
 VSP or non-VSP coverage through self or spouse is covered under parents’ plan patient’s or spouse’s plan is primary.
 Parents’ plan is secondary.
 
Use the following chart if your patient is a dependent child with VSP coverage as primary and secondary.
 Patient is and then
 dependent
 child
 the parents are NOT separated or divorced The plan of the parent whose birthday is first in the year is primary*
 If both parents have the same birthday, the plan that’s covered a parent longer is primary*
 If the other plan doesn’t have a birthday rule, the gender rule applies (the father’s plan is primary).
 dependent
 child
 the parents ARE separated or divorced with NO
 court decree
 the custodial parent’s plan is primary*
 The plan of the custodial parent’s spouse (if any) is secondary.
 Followed by the plan of the non-custodial parent, and then the plan of the non-custodial parent’s spouse.
 dependent
 child
 the parents ARE separated or divorced WITH a court
 decree
 the plan decreed by the court as primary is primary*
 If the decree states both parents have joint custody without stating who’s responsible for healthcare expenses,
 follow the birthday rule.
 *Important! 
Obtain the length of coverage or custody information from your patient or member. Parental custody information may apply when determining coverage for a child.
 VSP primary to another carrier
 When a VSP plan is primary, apply benefits as you would in the absence of any other plan. If needed, call VSP at 800.615.1883 to request a letter detailing your patient’s out-of-pocket expenses
 that can be shared with the secondary insurer.
 Quick Tip: 
If your patient isn’t eligible for a service under the primary plan, the secondary plan may be used as primary for that service.
 Multiple VSP plans for routine services:
 Quick Tip:
 If your patient isn’t eligible for a service under the primary plan, the secondary plan may be used as primary for that service.
 Last Updated: Jan 1, 2024
4. Determine the patient’s out-of-pocket expenses from the primary plan.
 5. Refer to the Secondary Allowances schedule to determine the COB amount for each service payable under the primary plan that is also available under the secondary plan.
 Quick Tip: 
Be sure to review COB rules on primary and secondary authorizations prior to calculating COB secondary allowance.
 6. Deduct total available COB secondary allowance from patient’s total primary out-of-pocket expense. Patient pays remaining balance.
 Quick Tip: 
You can also access the COB Calculator on VSPOnline to help determine the amounts a patient can coordinate for routine services when VSP is secondary.
 7. Bill VSP using the primary plan authorization number and reference the secondary plan’s authorization. See Submitting COB Claims for detailed instructions.
 When a VSP plan is secondary, follow these steps:
 1. Verify eligibility and if any services are exhausted under either plan.
 Quick Tip: 
If your patient isn’t eligible for a service under the primary plan, the secondary plan may be used as primary for that service.
 2. Determine whether your patient is eligible for benefits under the secondary plan
 3. Refer to the Secondary Allowances schedule to determine the COB amount for each service payable under the primary plan that is also available under the secondary plan.
 4. Deduct total available COB secondary allowance from patient’s total primary out-of-pocket expense. Patient pays remaining balance, but not more than the allowed amount.
 Quick Tip: 
You can also access the COB Calculator on VSPOnline to help determine the amounts a patient can coordinate for routine services when VSP is secondary.
 5. Bill VSP as secondary. See Submitting COB Claims for detailed instructions.
 Members may have coverage under both VSP and a health plan or Medicare.
 Common scenarios:
 If you participate on the patient’s health plan and the exam is medical, bill the health plan or Medicare as primary.
 If the exam is routine, bill VSP as primary unless the patient has routine coverage through their health plan*
 If the health plan covers the exam only, submit the exam claim to the health plan as primary and the materials claim to VSP as primary.
 Quick Tip: 
Be sure to obtain two separate authorizations – one to submit your exam to coordinate benefits and one to submit the materials to VSP as primary.
 Medical plans generally have higher copays than VSP and may have deductibles. They also don’t typically cover a refraction. To save money for your patient, coordinate benefits with VSP to help
 cover unpaid portions of the medical eye exams, if any, including the refraction and other medical services. Plus, you now have options to help maximize your patient’s plan.
 If another insurance carrier is primary to VSP, you can now coordinate both their routine and medical benefits (i.e. medical exam and refraction using a WellVision exam benefit and Essential
 Medical Eye Care) – a medical and refractive diagnosis is required.
 Quick Tip: 
Be sure to include applicable medical diagnosis codes for the eye exam and any medical procedures with a routine diagnosis code for the refraction.
 *Patients covered under the Federal Employees Dental and Vision Insurance Program may have routine coverage through their health plan. For more information, check the Federal Government
 Client Details in the Choice Network Manual.
Description Eligible VSP
 Coverage
 Billing
 Patient comes in for routine exam and is also seen for a medical eye issue. Provider
 determines chief complaint is medical. Refraction is performed with medical and refractive
 diagnosis.
 Member has coverage through a health plan or Medicare. Has both a WellVision and VSP
 medical benefit (i.e., Essential Medical Eye Care).
 Medical and
 WellVision
 Bill the health plan or Medicare as primary (if on their panel).
 Use VSP’s medical plan (i.e., Essential Medical Eye Care) as the secondary
 VSP benefit to coordinate benefits for medical exam (and any medical
 procedures).
 AND add the WellVision exam authorization in the COB Secondary
 Authorization field if a refractive diagnosis code is billed to pay toward the
 refraction.
 Patient comes in for routine exam and is also seen for a medical eye issue. Provider
 determines chief complaint is medical. Refraction is performed with medical diagnosis, no
 refractive diagnosis.
 Member has coverage through a health plan or Medicare. Has a VSP medical benefit (i.e.,
 Essential Medical Eye Care). Member is not eligible for WellVision exam.
 Medical only
 (WellVision not
 eligible)
 Bill the health plan or Medicare as primary.
 Use VSP’s medical plan as secondary benefit for the medical exam,
 refraction will be denied.
 Submit claim electronically, keep copy of EOP in patient chart.
 Patient comes in for routine exam and is also seen for a medical eye issue. Provider
 determines chief complaint is medical. Refraction is performed with medical and refractive
 diagnosis.
 Member has coverage through a health plan or Medicare. Has a VSP WellVision exam benefit
 (no VSP supplemental medical coverage).
 WellVision Bill the health plan or Medicare as primary.
 Use WellVision as the secondary VSP benefit to coordinate benefits if
 refractive diagnosis code is billed, including refraction.
 Submit claim electronically, keep copy of EOP in patient chart.
 Patient comes in for routine exam and a medical condition is identified. Provider performs
 medical exam. Refraction is performed with medical diagnosis, refractive diagnosis.
 Member has coverage through a health plan or Medicare AND two VSP plans with WellVision
 and medical eyecare plan (i.e., Essential Medical Eye Care).
 Medical only Determine primary VSP plan.
 Bill VSP under the primary plan’s Essential Medical Eye Care/DEP Plus
 claim electronically with the secondary authorization to coordinate
 benefits.
 Use Essential Medical Eye Care as the secondary VSP benefit for medical
 only exam, refraction will be denied.
 Important! 
The primary and secondary plans must be under different ID numbers or different clients, unless there are special comments, or if COB rule 11 applies.
 Interim benefits are not available for coordination under any plan benefit type whether considered primary or secondary.
 If another insurance carrier is primary to VSP, you can now coordinate both their routine and medical benefits (i.e. medical exam and refraction using a WellVision exam benefit and Essential
 Medical Eye Care) – a medical and refractive diagnosis is required.
 Note: 
If your patients have plano coverage available on the primary benefit, they must have plano coverage available on the secondary benefit to coordinate both plans when receiving plano materials.
Page 11
 COB Routine Secondary Allowances
 For patients with an Elective Contact Lens Benefit, refer to the Patient Record Report for the contact lens allowance. (Note: A covered-in-full contact lens exam does not have a secondary COB
 dollar value).
 For patients with allowance plans, refer to the Patient Record Report for the material allowance.
 You can coordinate the secondary exam allowance with the exam, refraction and/or retinal screening out-of-pocket expense from the primary plan.
 Essential Medical Eye Care secondary exam (CPT codes 92XX and 99202-99215) amounts are reimbursed according to VSP Signature Plan Payables less any applicable copays. Additional
 covered services are reimbursed up to the maximum allowable amount of Essential Medical Eye Care. 
 
 
 
Service VSP Signature and VSP Choice Advantage
 Eye exam $66 less secondary plan copays $50 less secondary plan copays
 Lenses $51 less secondary plan copays $36 less secondary plan copays
 Frame $76 less secondary plan copays $58 less secondary plan copays
 Maximum for Exam, Lens and Frame $193 less secondary plan copays $144 less secondary plan copays
 Secondary allowances are less secondary plan copays and are cumulative.
 Other Secondary Allowances:
 Medicaid Network Coordination of Benefits Secondary Allowances
 Refer to your Medicaid Manual for state-specific Medicaid COB guidelines.
 VSP to VSP for Exam, Lens and Frame
 Here’s a VSP Signature Plan example:
 Calculate the patient’s out-of-pocket expenses under their primary plan
 Exam copay $10
 Lens copay + lens enhancements + $133
 Frame overage: + $122 =$265
 VSP will COB the patient’s out-of-pocket expenses up to secondary allowance:
 Maximum for Exam, Lens and Frame secondary allowance: $193
 Lens secondary plan copay- $20-$173
 Patient pays remaining balance = $92
 Health Plan or Medicare, VSP secondary for Exam and Refraction using WellVision Exam benefit
 Here’s a VSP Choice Plan example: Exam Refraction
 Bill the health plan or Medicare your U&C fee $120 $35
 Determine Other Insurance Allowed Amount $100 Not covered
 Subtract the Other Insurance Paid Amount:- $75 $0
 VSP will COB the patient’s out-of-pocket expenses up to this amount (Other Insurance Pat Responsibility): = $25 = $35
 Balance submitted as secondary claim to VSP $60
 VSP pays up to the secondary allowance $66, less secondary plan copays- $60
 Patient pays remaining balance = $0
 Note: Provider is paid $135 for exam and refraction ($75 from health plan/Medicare + $60 VSP). If the primary plan’s allowed amount is lower than U&C, subtract the primary plan’s paid
 amount from allowed amount to determine the patient’s responsibility.
 Health Plan or Medicare, VSP secondary using WellVision Exam and Essential Medical Eye Care
 Last Updated: Mar 18, 2025
Here’s a VSP Choice Plan example: Exam Refraction Fundus
 Photo
 Bill the health plan or Medicare your U&C fee $120 $35 $80
 Determine Other Insurance Allowed Amount $100 Not Covered Not Covered
 Subtract the Other Insurance Paid Amount:- $75 $0 $0
 VSP will COB the patient’s out-of-pocket expenses up to this amount (Other Insurance Pat Responsibility): = $25 = $35 =$80
 Balance submitted as secondary claim to VSP $35 $80
 VSP pays up to the secondary allowance $66, less secondary plan copays- $35 Essential Medical Eye Care Fees*
 Patient pays remaining balance = $0 =$0
 Note: Provider is paid $135 for exam and refraction ($75 from health plan/Medicare + $60 VSP) plus Essential Medical Eye Care Fee Schedule for medical service(s). If you perform a medical
 eye exam and services along with a refraction, you may now maximize the patient’s VSP coverage to coordinate using BOTH their medical and routine benefit to reduce their out-of-pocket.
 *VSP will pay up the Essential Medical Eye Care fee schedule, less applicable copay. If the service is not covered by the Other Insurance plan, VSP will process service as primary.
 With the exception of the secondary allowances, the VSP Advantage Plan, VSP Enhanced Advantage Plan, and VSP Essentials Plan COB guidelines are the same as the VSP Signature Plan and VSP
 Choice Plan. If you’re not participating in the Advantage Network and the member wants to use their secondary plan to coordinate benefits, we’ll reimburse the patient based on their non-VSP
 provider reimbursement schedule (if out-of-network coverage is available).
 Patient’s primary plan Patient’s secondary plan Your network
 participation is
 Then
 VSP Advantage Plan or VSP
 Essentials Plan
 VSP Signature Plan or VSP
 Choice Plan
 Advantage Network You’ll be reimbursed based on the VSP Signature and Choice COB allowances. (See COB
 Client Exception Rules for exceptions).
 VSP Advantage Plan or VSP
 Essentials Plan
 VSP Signature Plan or VSP
 Choice Plan
 Non-Advantage Network We’ll reimburse the patient based on their non-VSP provider reimbursement schedule if
 out-of-network coverage is available.
 VSP Signature Plan or VSP
 Choice Plan
 VSP Advantage Plan or VSP
 Essentials Plan
 Advantage Network You’ll be reimbursed according to the Advantage Secondary Allowances.
 VSP Signature Plan or VSP
 Choice Plan
 VSP Advantage Plan or VSP
 Essentials Plan
 Non-Advantage Network We’ll reimburse the patient based on their non-VSP provider reimbursement schedule if
 out-of-network coverage is available.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 12
 COB Client Exception Rules
 There may be a client exception to how you would handle your patient’s COB. Before providing services to your patient, please obtain a Patient Record Report from eClaim on eyefinity.com.
 The Patient Record Report will highlight the rules from the following list that may apply to your patient’s coverage and ability to coordinate benefits. Call VSP at 800.615.1883 if you have
 questions.
 COB rule 1: If both members are covered by the same client, COB isn’t allowed for either of the members or their children. If the member is covered twice by the same client, COB isn’t
 allowed.
 COB rule 2: If both members are covered by the same client, children are covered only under one parent's plan. COB can’t be applied and the child may only receive one set of services. This
 applies both to biological parents and step-parents.
 COB rule 3: If both members are covered by the same client, the secondary plan can be used to cover copays only, which will use all service areas.
 COB rule 4: This rule applies only when the patient has an insurance carrier other than VSP as primary. If both plans are through VSP, this rule doesn’t apply. However, other COB rules may
 still apply. COB reimbursement is calculated by subtracting what the primary carrier paid from what VSP would have paid as primary.
 Here’s an example: 
Calculate the amount VSP would pay your practice if VSP was primary:
 Subtract the amount paid by the primary insurance carrier:
 VSP will COB the patient’s out-of-pocket expenses up to this amount:
 COB rule 5: A married couple, or domestic partners, who are covered by the same client may coordinate benefits, but can’t receive two sets of services.
 COB rule 6: COB isn’t allowed for Computer Vision Care (CVC), Repair, Safety Eyecare, or ProTec Safety benefit types.
 $100- $75
 = $25
 COB rule 7: A married couple, or domestic partners, who work for the same client may either use both of their benefit plans separately to receive two sets of services, OR COB their secondary
 benefits to pick up only the primary copays (using all services).
 COB rule 8: If a member’s dependents have vision coverage through their own employment, coverage through that employment is primary. If dependents have coverage under Medicaid State
 Children’s Healthy Insurance Program (SCHIP), there’s no COB.
 COB rule 9: COB isn’t allowed. Call VSP at 800.615.1883 for client exceptions and specific instructions.
 COB rule 10: A child covered under both parents’ plans will always use the father’s plan as primary.
 COB rule 11: Employees and dependents can use their second-pair coverage towards overages from their first-pair coverage.
 COB rule 12: If both members are covered by the same client, COB is allowed to cover out-of-pocket expenses only, but the patient can’t receive two sets of services.
Last Updated: Mar 18, 2025
 Page 13
 Submitting COB Claims
 When VSP is Primary
 Submit the claim as you would in the absence of any other plan.
 Quick Tip: 
If your patient isn’t eligible for a service on the primary plan, the secondary plan may be used as primary for that service
 Submitting the claim electronically:
 1.  Get authorizations for both primary and secondary benefits.
 2.  On the primary authorization, enter the services performed, calculate the HCPCS codes and enter your usual and customary fee(s).
 3.  Mark “No” for question 11d in the Insured section.
 4. Enter the secondary authorization number in the VSP COB Coordination of Benefits Secondary Authorization field.
 Quick Tip: 
If your patient isn’t eligible for a service on the primary plan, the secondary plan may be used as primary for that service
 Recognizing the complex nature of COB can be a barrier to adoption. VSP has simplified the process when Medicare, a health plan or a non-VSP insurance carrier is Primary and VSP is
 Secondary:
 Maximize member benefits – You can now coordinate both their routine and medical benefits (i.e. medical exam and refraction using a WellVision exam benefit and Essential Medical Eye
 Care).
 Expanded electronic filing capabilities – You can now submit secondary COB claims electronically, regardless of services provided, with new fields to enter the primary plan’s payment (no
 more paper, just keep a copy of EOP in the patient’s chart).
 Simplified claim submission – you can now coordinate secondary benefits in a single claim submission when VSP is secondary and tertiary or when using the patient’s medical and routine
 eye care plans (just key the 2nd auth in the COB Secondary Authorization box)
 How it works:
 If we’re the secondary payor, bill us for your patient’s out-of-pocket expenses. Examples are copays, coinsurance, deductibles on High Deductible Health Plans or charges for non-covered
 services by the primary carrier.
 If a member has medical benefits under another health plan, that plan is primary and VSP is secondary. If you participate on the patient’s health plan, coordinate benefits between the health
 plan and VSP. In these situations, coordinating benefits will help your patients maximize their coverage. You’re responsible for verifying other coverage, as well as billing and collecting from other
 carriers.
 VSP will coordinate the non-covered portion of the services (exam, refraction, materials) with a patient’s routine benefits, if the claim includes a routine diagnosis – in addition to a medical
 diagnosis code, if applicable. We’ll only coordinate Essential Medical Eye Care and Diabetic Eyecare Plus Program
 medical diagnosis is the first position.
 SM
 benefits with services provided for medical eyecare and this requires a
 If both routine and medical services were submitted to the primary carrier with corresponding routine and medical diagnosis codes, you can now coordinate using a patient’s VSP routine and
 medical plans to pay toward patient out-of-pocket expenses. We follow plan policies for reimbursing these charges. However, we don’t pay more for approved services than what you would have
 received if we were the primary carrier.
 Tips:
 If you can verify the health plan or Medicare’s eligible services and non-covered patient responsibility amount at the time of billing, you can now submit the Secondary Plan exam only claim
 electronically on the same day. You’ll still need to keep a copy of the original claim and Explanation of Payment or Explanation of Benefits in the patient’s file.
 If you are unable to verify the patient responsibility, wait until you receive payment from the health plan or Medicare before submitting the Secondary claim to avoid unnecessary claim
 corrections, as you are responsible for reconciling payments. For Medicare or Medicaid patients, overpayments must be corrected within 60 days.
 Submitting the claim electronically (new eClaim):
 1. Provide the same diagnosis and CPT/HCPCS codes to match the claim to insurance carrier.
 2. Select Yes (Box 11d) there is another health benefit plan for eyecare. This will open a new section.
 Leave the field for Secondary Authorization blank – unless there is a second VSP plan to COB.
 3. Complete the Other Insured section:
 Enter the first and last name of the insured person on the patient’s primary insurance plan in box 9
 Enter “NA” in box 9a
 Enter the patient’s primary insurance plan name in box 9d
 4. Scroll to the Services section to enter the following in the COB fields for each service based on your Explanation of Payment (EOP):
 In the Other Ins Allowed field, enter the maximum amount allowed by the other insurance.
 In the Other Ins Paid field, enter the amount paid by the other insurance.
 In the Other Ins Pat Resp field, enter the remaining balance the patient is responsible to pay
 Important:
 If VSP is tertiary, enter the allowed amount from the primary EOP and the combined paid amounts from the primary and secondary carriers, along with the patient’s final out-of-pocket expense.
 In the Denied or Paid $0.00 Reason drop-down menu, select the reason the primary EOP indicated that the claim was denied or paid $0.00. If the reason isn’t listed, submit on paper.
Option
 Not Covered
 Deductible
 Max Allowance
 Met
 Bundled Service
 Timely Filing
 Capitation
 Reason for Selecting
 Primary EOP indicates that the claim was denied due to the patient not being covered on the date of service or services billed not being covered by the primary
 insurance.
 Primary EOP indicates that the service was applied to the deductible and paid $0.
 Primary EOP indicates that the maximum allowance was met and paid $0.
 Primary EOP indicates that the payment for this service is included in the reimbursement of another service/procedure billed.
 Primary EOP indicates that the claim was denied due to untimely filing.
 Primary EOP indicates that the claim was denied due to capitation.
 5. In the Additional Information section, enter “Secondary COB claim” in box 19. Additional Claim Information.
 6. If you need a copy of the claim with the COB details, click Print in the top navigation bar; it’s not on the CMS Report or Service Report.
 Download our step-by-step guide to filling out your claim electronically
 Submitting the Claim on paper
 When you receive payment from the primary Vision Plan, submit the following information to us within six months from the issue date of the Explanation of Payment (EOP) or Explanation of
 Benefits (EOB) of the primary plan (Medicare, Health Plan or Vision Plan):
 1. A copy of the EOP indicating patient expenses and/or service denials from the primary carrier. Don’t send a summary.
 2. A copy of the original CMS-1500 claim form. Enter VSP’s authorization number in Box 23.
 3. If an additional benefit will be used, enter “Tertiary COB auth ########” (additional authorization #) in Box 19. 
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 14
 COB Resources
 The following are resources to help you when coordinating benefits for your patients.
 COB Billing Guide
 Download our step-by-step guide to filling out your claim electronically
 Download and print in your office today
 The COB Calculator is available to providers in the Calculators section on VSPOnline.
 Available for Signature, Choice, Advantage and MESSA plans.
 Be sure to verify who is primary versus secondary before using the calculator.
 Since some clients have restrictions, check for COB rules that would over-ride the COB Calculator.
 For Exam-only claims, you can select either the Glasses or the Contacts tab.
 Be sure to check for eligible services:
 Verify whether the patient has already used or is using all applicable services under the primary plan to maximize their coverage.
 Verify service availability on the Secondary Plan that the patient will use toward the Primary Plan's out-of-pocket expenses.
 Steps to Using the Calculator
 1. On the appropriate Tab (Glasses or Contacts), uncheck any services the patient does not want to use or is not eligible.
 2. Calculate the patient’s out-of-pocket expenses from the primary plan and enter them into the calculator.
 3. Select the Secondary Plans Benefit type, enter secondary copays, and select calculate to determine the COB amount.
 For contact lenses, providers can refer to the patient record report and enter the secondary contact lens allowance, except for MESSA.
 Uncheck the Exam for Total Plans. This will block the value for the exam, which is only available for Exam And plan.
 4. The results section will summarize the Primary Plan's out of pocket, the eligible Secondary Allowances (based on the services checked to coordinate) and Payable amounts.
 VSP will apply secondary allowances to similar services first. If any allowance remains, VSP will apply the amount to any other eligible services.
 How do I determine primary versus secondary?
 Please refer to the Coordination of Benefits section of the Provider Reference Manual.
 Which services can coordinate?
 The secondary plan may COB using only those services that were provided under the primary plan, as long as the patient is eligible for those services under the secondary plan. For example, if
 the patient receives exam and lenses, the secondary plan can only COB the exam and lens services, if eligible.
 Secondary allowances are cumulative. The value of the secondary plan's eligible services can be applied to all applicable services received on the primary plan.
 How does the calculator know what the secondary allowances are?
 The calculator has been designed with the secondary allowances for each service checked under “Service to Coordinate” section based on the VSP Secondary plan type.
 The calculator is not available for Allowance, Medicaid or secondary plans with another carrier.
 How does the calculator know the patient's contact lens allowance for the Secondary plan?
 Since it varies by each group's plan, enter the Secondary Contact Lens Allowance for all plans, except if MESSA is the Secondary Plan (MESSA 1, 2, 3, 3+, Bronze/Silver/Gold or Platinum). Note:
 Effective 1/1/2021, MESSA Choice plans use the Choice Secondary Plan allowances, less copay.
 Enter the contact lens copay for the Secondary plan, if the client has one. This is not common. Do not include the Secondary plan’s copay for a covered contact lens exam.
Plans and Coverages
 5
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 15
 ®
 VSP Signature Plan
 Enrollment/Doctor Participation
 All VSP doctors are part of the VSP Network.
 COPAYS
 Note: 
You may not waive copays.
 Copays are indicated on the Patient Record Report when you receive an authorization. There are two types of copays:
 Exam and Materials: Separate copays are applied to the exam and to the materials.
 Exam and Material copays are collected as the service is provided. For example, the exam copay will be collected when exam is performed, and the materials copay at the time materials are
 chosen.
 Total: A one-time copay is applied once per service frequency to exam or materials (glasses or visually necessary contact lenses).
 A Total copay is collected in full as the exam and materials are provided. If all services are not provided on the first visit, collect the copay on the first visit and do not collect a copay for any
 subsequent visits during the same benefit period. Refer to the Patient Record Report to determine if/when copay applies.
 Please do not split authorizations when the patient has a total copay unless necessary. If the authorization was split, please follow these guidelines:
 Refer to the Patient Record Report to determine if/when copay applies to the service being provided.
 If a patient receives an exam through one doctor and materials through another (either same office or different offices), the copay would apply to the first authorization requested. Refer to
 the Patient Record Report to determine if/when copay applies.
 Note: 
In some cases, the copay may appear on both the exam and material authorizations when services are split. If this happens, VSP will only apply the copay to the first claim received. Be sure to
 check your explanation of payment. If a copay was collected from the patient and not applied by VSP, refund the patient the copay.
 Fully covered comprehensive eye exams are generally available to the patient once every 12 or 24 months, calculated on a service year, calendar year or fiscal year basis. Refer to Eye Exams for
 levels of service.
 Coverage typically includes necessary prescription lenses and a frame up to a client-specified wholesale/retail allowance, or an allowance toward contact lenses. Please review the Patient Record
 Report for complete coverage details before providing materials.
 Patients are also eligible for established benefits on additional services and materials (see Value-Added Benefits, below).
 Lenses
 Single vision, bifocal, trifocal, or lenticular lenses in glass or plastic.
 Eye sizes up to and including 60mm.
 Lined multifocal lenses in all segment widths, including occupational lenses. See the Dispensing & Patient Lens Enhancements section for specific details on occupational lenses.
 Prism and slab off.
 Base curves (regardless of curve).
 Note: 
VSP only covers lenses that meet the minimum prescription criteria. Lenses that do not meet VSP’s minimum prescription criteria are considered to be plano lenses. Plano lenses, including plano
 sunwear, are not considered to be covered materials, unless the patient is eligible for such materials under their plan benefit coverage.
 VSP’s minimum prescription criteria:
 The combined power in any meridian is ±0.50 diopters or greater in at least one eye or one of the following exceptions occurs:
 —Necessary prism of 0.50 diopters or greater in at least one eye
 —Anisometropia is 0.50 diopters or greater in at least one eye
 —Cylinder power is ±0.50 diopters or greater in at least one eye
 If the patient chooses a lens enhancement not covered by the plan, charge the patient either the fee shown on the VSP Signature Plan Lens Enhancements Chart or your U&C fee, whichever is
 lower. (See Patient Lens Enhancements Fees Instructions for information on determining your U&C fee for lens enhancements.)
 Frames
 Note: 
VSP only covers frames when the lenses meet VSP’s minimum prescription criteria, unless the patient is eligible for plano lenses under their plan benefit coverage. Most VSP Signature Plan
 patients who’ve had laser correction surgery may use their frame benefit for plano sunglasses. Exclusions are noted in the Patient Record Report.
 Under most VSP plans, your patient’s frame allowance is represented by a combination of the wholesale frame amount and corresponding retail amount for which your patient is covered.
 Although patients will only be informed of their retail allowance, they’re covered for any in-network (or covered) frame less than or equal to their wholesale or retail allowance. You receive your
 frame dispensing and the wholesale cost up to their wholesale allowance, plus collect any overage according to our frame overage procedures.
 Note: 
Some patients have a covered in full frame allowance. For these plans, you receive your frame dispensing and the wholesale cost.
 ®
 ®
 Most patients will have a minimum extra $20 on top of their frame allowance when they select Marchon or Altair frames. Look for the wholesale and retail allowances for Marchon/Altair and
 all other frames indicated on the Patient Record Repot at authorization. You’ll be reimbursed based on the wholesale equivalent of the patient’s retail allowance for Marchon and Altair frames.
 Your patient can apply the frame allowance to any frame, listed or unlisted, (except for out-of-network frames in which case the patient’s out-of-network frame allowance should be applied). If
 patients choose unlisted frames, use your acquisition cost instead of the Frames catalog price when submitting the “wholesale cost” to VSP.
 There is no charge to patients for standard frame cases; however, you may charge patients for special orders or for deluxe frame cases.
 VSP does not provide a dispensing fee when a patient-supplied frame is used and patients can’t be charged any additional fees.
Frame Overages
 Charge the patient according to our frame overage procedures. When the selected frame exceeds both the wholesale and equivalent retail allowance coverage, your patient is responsible for the
 overages exceeding his or her retail frame allowance at 80% of U&C. Don’t charge your patient more than 80% of U&C on frame overage, plus any applicable sales tax.
 For more information, refer to the Providing Frames section in the VSP Manual.
 Contact Lenses
 Many clients provide coverage for contact lenses in lieu of prescription glasses. To be eligible for contact lens coverage, a patient must usually first be eligible for eyeglasses. Refer to the Contact
 Lens Benefits in this section.
 Lab
 The VSP Signature Plan does not cover fabrication or supply of lenses from your office. Covered lenses dispensed to VSP patients must be fabricated entirely by a participating VSP Lab or VSP
 contract lab (unless you are providing a Doctor In-Office Lens Enhancements or there is an emergency).
 ®
 ®
 ®
 You may bill WellVision Exams using S0620 (routine ophthalmological examination, including refraction, new patient) or S0621 (routine ophthalmological examination, including refraction,
 established patient). Be sure to complete a comprehensive exam when using these codes, VSP pays at the comprehensive level.
 If you choose to use 920XX codes to bill your WellVision Exams, please remember to bill refraction (92015) separately for accurate reimbursement.
 WellVision Exams should be billed with the appropriate refractive error diagnosis code. Reasons for encounters diagnosis codes are also acceptable.
 Reasons for encounters diagnosis codes are payable for WellVision Exams only. Reasons for encounters diagnosis codes may not be billed as primary or as the sole diagnosis code for
 materials.
 Materials must be billed with the appropriate refractive error diagnosis code.
 Enter additional diagnosis codes if other medical conditions exist.
 Bill non-covered materials on a private invoice, even if a VSP contract lab is used. Non-covered lenses may be fabricated at any lab of your choice, including in-office labs.
 When billing progressive lenses remember to bill your U&C fee on two lines, one for the base bifocal lenses and the second for the progressive add-on.
 For Post-Lasik patients only: When billing plano sunglasses for VSP Signature Plan members:
 Bill as frame only (don’t include lenses). The patient is responsible for the cost of lab supplied plano lenses and lens enhancements.
 Indicate “frame only” in the box.
 Document your patient’s LVC history in their medical file.
 The Value-Added benefits* below are considered a private transaction between you and the patient. The patient is fully responsible for the payment of any additional items.
 Exam Services
 Deduct 20% on additional eye exams, including if only a refraction is performed.
 Materials
 Under the VSP Signature Plan, patients are eligible for additional materials at 70% U&C when they purchase a complete pair of prescription or non-prescription glasses/sunglasses, on the same
 day as their eye exam from your office. If a patient purchases a complete pair of prescription or non-prescription glasses/sunglasses, within 12 months of the exam, charge 80% of U&C. This
 includes proprietary lenses and frame, plano sunglasses, and non-prescription ready-made blue light filtering glasses.
 For all other plans, charge 80% of U&C for additional materials when complete pairs of prescription, or non-prescription glasses, plano sunglasses, or non-prescription ready-made blue light
 f
 iltering glasses are dispensed within 12 months of the exam. Includes proprietary lenses and frame, plano sunglasses, and non-prescription ready-made blue light filtering glasses.
 Benefits should:
 be based on your total U&C fee,
 be unlimited for 12 months on or following the date of the last covered eye exam,
 be available through a VSP Network Doctor. Use professional judgment when evaluating prescriptions from another provider. You may request an additional exam at 80% of your U&C fee,
 apply to prescription and non-prescription lenses,
 not apply to cleaning products or repairs of prescription lenses or frames.
 Note: 
If eligible for lens only or frame only and a complete pair of glasses is purchased, charge 80% of U&C for the non-covered material.
 Contact Lens Service Benefit
 Charge 85% of U&C on all elective, and replacement contact lens services. The benefit:
 is subtracted from your U&C fee for evaluation/fitting services;
 is unlimited for 12 months on or following the date of the covered eye exam;
 is available only through a VSP Network Doctor. Use professional judgment when evaluating prescriptions from another provider. You may request an additional exam at 80% of your U&C fee;
 does not apply to materials, solutions, cleaning products, and service agreements.
 Retinal Screening Value Added Feature
 ®
 Patients are eligible for routine retinal screening as a value added feature to complement their WellVision Exam benefit.
 Please see the Retinal Screening section on the VSP Manual for more information.
 VSP Laser VisionCare Program
 SM
 The program includes access to either Photorefractive Keratectomy (PRK) or Laser In-Situ Keratomileusis (LASIK) at a reduced cost, up to a maximum fee to the patient of $1,500 per eye for
 PRK, $1,800 per eye for LASIK, and $2,300 per eye for Custom LASIK with wavefront technology using microkeratome, Custom PRK, or Bladeless LASIK.
 Members receive a complimentary screening as well as preoperative and postoperative services through participating VSP network doctors. Most VSP Signature Plan patients who’ve had laser
 correction surgery can use their frame benefit for plano sunglasses.
 If the laser center is offering a temporary price reduction, VSP members will receive 5% off the advertised price if it is less than the usual discount price.
 Please see the Laser VisionCare Program section under Programs on VSPOnline for information on how to participate or for a list of participating facilities.
 Diabetic Eyecare Plus ProgramSM
 The Diabetic Eyecare Plus Program provides medical eye care services for members with diabetic eye disease, glaucoma, or age-related macular degeneration (AMD). Retinal screening is also
 available to eligible patients who have diabetes but don’t show signs of diabetic eye disease.
 Please see the Diabetic Eyecare Plus Program section for more information
 SM
 
*VSP does not require providers to provide discounts on non-covered services in states where it’s prohibited by law to require it. However, unless you’ve opted out, you should continue to
 provide all Value Added Benefits to all VSP members. For more information, including details regarding how to opt out, call VSP at 800.615.1883.
 Refractive Error Diagnosis Codes
 Code:
 H52.01 Hypermetropia, right eye
 H52.02 Hypermetropia, left eye
 H52.03 Hypermetropia, bilateral
 H52.11 Myopia, right eye
 H52.12 Myopia, left eye
 H52.13 Myopia, bilateral
 H52.201 Unspecified astigmatism, right eye
 H52.202 Unspecified astigmatism, left eye
 H52.203 Unspecified astigmatism, bilateral
 H52.211 Irregular astigmatism, right eye
 H52.212 Irregular astigmatism, left eye
 H52.213 Irregular astigmatism, bilateral
 H52.221 Regular astigmatism, right eye
 H52.222 Regular astigmatism, left eye
 H52.223 Regular astigmatism, bilateral
 H52.31 Anisometropia
 H52.32 Aniseikonia
 H52.4 Presbyopia
 H52.511 Internal ophthalmoplegia (complete) (total), right eye
 H52.512 Internal ophthalmoplegia (complete) (total), left eye
 H52.513 Internal ophthalmoplegia (complete) (total), bilateral
 H52.521 Paresis of accommodation, right eye
 H52.522 Paresis of accommodation, left eye
 H52.523 Paresis of accommodation, bilateral
 H52.531 Spasm of accommodation, right eye
 H52.532 Spasm of accommodation, left eye
 H52.533 Spasm of accommodation, bilateral
 H52.6 Other disorders of refraction
 H52.7 Unspecified disorder of refraction
 Reasons for Encounters Diagnosis Codes
 Reasons for encounters diagnosis codes are payable for WellVision Exams only. Reasons for encounters diagnosis codes may not be billed as primary or as the sole diagnosis code for
 materials.
 ®
Code:
 Z01.00
 Z01.01
 Z01.020
 Z01.021
 Z13.5
 Z46.0
 Z82.1
 Z83.511
 Z83.518
 Encounter for examination of eyes and vision without abnormal findings
 Encounter for examination of eyes and vision with abnormal findings
 Encounter for examination of eyes and vision following failed vision screening without abnormal findings
 Encounter for examination of eyes and vision following failed vision screening with abnormal findings
 Encounter for screening for eye and ear disorders
 Encounter for fitting and adjustment of spectacles and contact lenses
 Family history of blindness and visual loss
 Family history of glaucoma
 Family history of other specified eye disorder
 See Services Subject to Review/Audit for information regarding material record keeping requirements.
Last Updated: May 20, 2025
 Page 16
 Contact Lens Benefits
 VSP patients may have the following contact lens benefits:
 Contact Lens Exam Copay with Materials Allowance: The routine eye exam is covered separately. Your patient has a not-to-exceed patient copay for a contact lens exam (prescription and
 f
 itting of contact lens) and a separate allowance for contact lens materials.
 Exam And (Combined Contact Lens Allowance): The routine eye exam is covered separately. Your patient has a combined allowance for a contact lens exam and materials.
 Total Allowance: Your patient has a single allowance for the routine eye exam, contact lens exam, and materials.
 Visually Necessary Contact Lenses: With an approved diagnosis or condition, your patient is covered for a contact lens exam and an annual supply of visually necessary contact lenses.
 See Visually Necessary Contact Lenses in this section for specific benefit coverage criteria.
 Covered Contact Lenses: Your patient is covered for a contact lens exam and an annual supply of contact lenses.
 Note: 
For Visually Necessary Contact Lenses and Covered Contact Lenses, VSP will only cover an annual supply of materials based on the manufacturer’s replacement schedule. No additional
 reimbursement for Visually Necessary Contact Lenses and Covered Contact Lenses shall be reimbursed by VSP through additional VSP plans/coverage the patient may have.
 You may only coordinate benefits up to the annual supply of contact lens materials if plans permit. See Coordination of Benefits Between Multiple VSP Plans in the VSP Manual.
 ®
 Visually Necessary Contact Lenses and Covered Contact Lenses include the contact lens exam services and an annual supply of contact lens materials. Bill contact lens exam services with
 materials.
 ®
 A contact lens exam (prescription and fitting of contact lens) is separate from the WellVision Exam and should be provided only to patients who wear or want to wear contact lenses and
 specifically request a contact lens exam. Contact lens insertion and removal training services are not separately reimbursed.
 Note: 
The “initial” contact lens fitting period for all contact lens benefits is 90 days. Any additional or excluded (i.e., CRT, Ortho-K and myopia management) contact lens fitting services should be
 handled privately between you and the patient.
 You can find client-specific exceptions in the special comments section of the Patient Record Report.
 Contact Lens Exam Copay with Materials Allowance: Your patient pays an exam copay if you provide a WellVision Exam. Patients who request a contact lens exam pay a contact lens exam
 copay or 85% of your U&C fees, whichever is less. There is no copay for contact lens materials, which are covered under a separate allowance.
 Exam And (Combined Contact Lens Allowance): Patient pays an exam copay if you provide a WellVision Exam. There is no copay for contact lens materials.
 Total Allowance: No exam or materials copay is required if materials are purchased on the same date of service. The exam copay may apply if the WellVision Exam is given on a different date of
 service.
 Covered Contact Lenses: Your patient pays the contact lens copay.
 VSP covers contact lenses that meet the minimum prescription criteria. Contact lenses that do not meet VSP’s minimum prescription criteria are considered to be plano lenses.
 VSP’s minimum prescription criteria:
 The combined power in any meridian is ±0.50 diopters or greater in at least one eye or one of the following exceptions occurs:
 —Necessary prism of 0.50 diopters or greater in at least one eye
 —Anisometropia is +0.50 diopters or greater in at least one eye
 —Cylinder power is ±0.50 diopters or greater in at least one eye
 Exclusions
 Some materials aren’t covered under VSP’s contact lens benefits. There are no benefits for professional services or materials connected with the following:
 Corneal refractive therapy, orthokeratology, and contact lenses for myopia management are not covered under Visually Necessary Contact Lenses, Covered Contact Lenses, or the VSP
 Elements Plan. Patients can use their elective contact lenses allowance towards the cost of corneal refractive therapy, orthokeratology, or myopia management contact lens materials only. The
 contact lens fitting and evaluation portion of the treatment is a private transaction between you and the patient.
 Replacement of lost or damaged lenses
 Modifications of lenses
 Routine maintenance such as polishing, cleaning, etc.
 Refitting after the initial (90-day) fitting period
 Insurance policies or service agreements
 Plano (non-prescription) lenses or lenses that don’t meet our minimum prescription requirement
 Plano lenses to change eye color cosmetically
 Office visits to treat contact lens pathology
 Solutions and other contact lens supplies
 Bandage contact lenses aren’t covered under VSP plans but can be submitted under Essential Medical Eye Care for eligible patients. See Essential Medical Eye Care in this section.
 ®
 A visually necessary contact lens exam and an annual supply of visually necessary contact lenses are covered in full for patients meeting the established conditions and requirements below.
 Those patients must be eligible for materials on the date of service. Coverage is limited and may require special handling to ensure proper reimbursement. Exam and material copays for contact
 lenses apply unless otherwise specified.
 Note: 
Visually necessary contact lenses aren’t typically covered for patients who have received refractive surgery (e.g., LASIK, PRK, or RK). However, patients with underlying conditions such as corneal,
 ectasia, corneal deformity, scarring or irregularity that require contact lenses to provide vision improvement, may be covered for visually necessary contact lenses, if they meet the approved
 criteria. Treatment for corneal abrasion is covered under Essential Medical Eye Care.
 Nystagmus – H55.00 through H55.09
 Anisometropia greater than or equal to 3.00 diopters difference based on the spectacle prescription.
 High ametropia greater than or equal to ±10.00 diopters in either eye based on the spectacle prescription.
 Please see Visually Necessary Specialty Contact Lenses below for a complete listing of covered diagnosis codes.
 Note:
 Patients meeting criteria for nystagmus, anisometropia or high ametropia do not require an improvement in best corrected visual acuity (BCVA) by two lines compared to spectacles.
 Achromatopsia – H53.51
 Albinism – E70.30, E70.310, E70.311, E70.318, E70.319 
Aniridia – Q13.1
Polycoria; anisocoria (congenital) – Q13.0
 Pupillary abnormalities – H21.561 through H21.569
 Note:
 Patients meeting criteria for colored contact lens do not require an improvement in best corrected visual acuity (BCVA) by two lines compared to spectacles.
 To submit visually necessary contact lens claims through eClaim for any of the conditions above, do the following:
 Select Necessary Contact Lens as the Contact Lens Reason. Indicate the appropriate diagnosis code and/or spectacle prescription verifying the condition. For anisometropia and/or high
 ametropia, enter the spectacle prescription on the lab invoice for verification purposes. Not all conditions can be verified on Eyefinity. See Submitting Claims for additional instructions.
 Scleral Lenses (For Covered Contacts and Visually Necessary Contacts)
 Bill scleral lenses using HCPCS V2530 or V2531. Hybrid contact lenses are not scleral lenses and will not be reimbursed as sclerals. Bill hybrid lenses using V2599.
 When submitting a claim for Visually Necessary Contacts using V2531, you must provide the following information in Box 19:
 Type of lens – Scleral
 The scleral lens manufacturer or brand
 If this information is missing or incomplete, it will result in claim reimbursement at the V2599 rate.
 Other Type of Contact Lenses (For Covered Contacts and Visually Necessary Contacts)
 Use HCPCS code V2599 for other types of contact lenses, such as hybrid lenses.
 When submitting a claim using V2599 (contact lens, other type) you must provide the following information in Box 19:
 Type of lens
 The lens manufacturer or brand
 ® 
For example, hybrid contact lens, SynergEyes iD
 If the information is missing or incomplete, it will result in claim reimbursement at the V2510 rate.
 Note: 
Bill scleral lenses using HCPCS V2530 or V2531. Hybrid contact lenses are not scleral lenses and will not be reimbursed as scleral.
 Piggyback Lenses Benefit
 Piggyback lenses are a covered benefit for patients meeting one of the conditions above, and who aren’t able to tolerate rigid gas permeable contact lenses. This requires the use of soft contact
 lenses and rigid gas permeable contact lenses, in the manner of a piggyback fitting.
 When submitting a claim for piggyback lenses, you must provide the following information in Box 19:
 Piggyback lenses
 Spectacle lenses to wear over contacts benefit
 Contacts with spectacle lenses to wear over contacts are covered benefits for patients with the following conditions:
 Aphakia – H27.01 - H27.03 or Q12.3
 High ametropia greater than or equal to ±10.00 diopters in either eye based on the spectacle prescription.
 Presbyopia – H52.4
 Pseudophakia – Z96.1
 Accommodative disorder
 Binocular function disorder
 Different prism requirements for distance and near vision
 A prescription is required for the lenses. Plano lenses aren’t a covered benefit.
 When your patient qualifies for spectacle lenses to be worn over contact lenses, request the spectacle lenses claim number at the same time or within 30 days of the contact lens claim
 submission date. For patients with keratoconus, request a claim number for spectacle lenses to be worn over contact lenses within 12 months of the contact lens claim submission date. Frames
 are private transaction between you and your patient.
 If your patient meets the benefit criteria for visually necessary contact lenses above and also requires spectacle lenses to wear over the contacts, please verify that the above criteria is met, and
 call VSP at 800.615.1883 to obtain a claim number. Please have the relevant criteria information available when calling.
 Submitting Claims
 Request a case number when your patient meets the benefit coverage criteria above, but you can’t submit your claim through eClaim at eyefinity.com. To get a case number so you can submit
 your claim through eClaim, complete a Materials Verification Form, which must include at least one of the qualifying criteria listed above. Please allow five (5) business days for a response. Put
 your case number in Box 23.
 The following situations also require the submittal of a Materials Verification Form:
 NCL claims with DOS over 6 months
 Physical condition of ears or nose which prohibits the use of eyeglasses
 Physical symptoms associated with paraplegia or quadriplegia (be specific)
 Fax the Materials Verification Form to us at 916.851.4733. Or mail to VSP, PO Box 495907, Cincinnati, OH 45249-5907. You can find the form in the VSPOnline section of eyefinity.com or in
 the Tools and Forms section of this manual.
 Reimbursement for Visually Necessary Contact Lenses and Covered Contact Lenses
 An annual supply of contact lenses is covered in full for patients. Visually Necessary Contact Lenses must meet the stated benefit criteria. We’ll reimburse you:
 Your assigned fee for the examination
 Up to allowed amount for the type and quantity of contacts provided (Maximum allowed amount applies to the combination of 85% of your U&C fee for the contact lens exam and your U&C
 fee for contact lens materials)
Do not balance bill your patient the difference between VSP’s allowed amounts and your U&C fee for materials. Exam and material (spectacle lenses and frame) copays apply unless otherwise
 specified. Any contact lens fitting fees incurred after the initial 90 day period are considered a private matter between you and the patient. Do not submit a separate claim for a contact lens
 exam.
 Note: 
Fees submitted to VSP for all contact lens plan benefits must be consistent with your U&C charges, regardless of the patient’s coverage or allowances.
 HCPCS HCPCS Description
 Annual
 Replacement1
 Planned
 Replacement1
 Daily
 Replacement1
 V2500* Contact lens, pmma, spherical, per lens $251 — —
 V2501* Contact lens, pmma, toric or prism ballast, per lens $385 — —
 V2502* Contact lens, pmma, bifocal, per lens $491 — —
 V2503* Contact lens, pmma, color vision deficiency, per lens $405 — —
 V2510* Contact lens, gas permeable, spherical, per lens $450 — —
 V2511* Contact lens, gas permeable, toric, prism ballast, per lens $650 — —
 V2512* Contact lens, gas permeable, bifocal, per lens $750 — —
 V2513* Contact lens, gas permeable, extended wear, per lens $500 — —
 V2520 Contact lens, hydrophilic, spherical, per lens $375 $525 $900
 V2521 Contact lens, hydrophilic, toric, or prism ballast, per lens $525 $650 $1000
 V2522 Contact lens, hydrophilic, bifocal, per lens $537 $650 $1200
 V2523** Contact lens, hydrophilic, extended wear, per lens $475 $600 —
 V2530* Contact lens, scleral, gas impermeable, per lens $499 — —
 V2531* Contact lens, scleral, gas permeable, per lens $987 — —
 V2599** Contact lens, other type $1,150 $1,500 —
 Piggyback $1,150 $1,500 —
 Annual Replacement is 1-2 units. Planned Replacement is 3-360 units. Daily Replacement is 361+ units. 1
 *These services shouldn’t be billed for more than 2 units. If billed with higher unit counts, we’ll pay up to the Annual Replacement lens maximum. Refer to billing instructions for scleral lenses
 above.
 **These services shouldn’t be billed for more than 360 units. If billed with higher unit counts, we’ll pay up to the Planned Replacement lens maximum. Refer to billing instructions for hybrid and
 proprietary lenses above.
 Visually Necessary Specialty Contact Lenses
 Beginning June 1, 2024, an improvement in best corrected visual acuity (BCVA) by two lines compared to spectacles is required for Visually Necessary Contact Lenses specialty conditions. BCVA
 findings for specialty conditions must be recorded on the patient’s medical exam records and demonstrate a two-line improvement compared to spectacles and are subject to review and audit.
 Conditions notated with “**” are excluded from the BCVA requirement.
 If billing with CPT code 92072*, 92310* 92311*, 92312* or 92313* – for one of these diagnosis codes:
 *Codes may not be billed together on the same claim.
Description ICD-10 Codes:
 Absence of iris (Aniridia)** Q13.1
 Achromatopsia** H53.51
 Adherent leukoma** H17.01 - H17.03
 Albinism** E70.30
 Aphakia** H27.01 - H27.03
 Band keratopathy H18.421- H18.423
 Bullous keratopathy H18.11 - H18.13
 Central corneal opacity H17.11 - H17.13
 Coloboma of iris** Q13.0
 Congenital aphakia** Q12.3
 Congenital corneal opacity Q13.3
 Corneal ectasia H18.711 - H18.713
 Corneal scars and opacities H17.00 - H17.9, A18.59
 Corneal staphyloma H18.721 - H18.723
 Corneal transplant failure T86.8411 - T86.8413
 Corneal transplant rejection T86.8401 - T86.8403
 Corneal transplant status Z94.7
 Deep vascularization of cornea H16.441 - H16.443
 Endothelial corneal dystrophy H18.511 - H18.513
 Enophthalmos due to atrophy of orbital tissue** H05.419
 Epithelial (juvenile) corneal dystrophy H18.521– H18.523
 Folds and rupture in Bowman's membrane H18.311 - H18.313
 Granular corneal dystrophy H18.531 – H18.533
 Keratoconus, stable H18.611 - H18.613
 Keratoconus, unspecified H18.601 - H18.603
 Keratoconus, unstable H18.621 - H18.623
 Keratoconjunctivitis sicca, in Sjogren’s syndrome M35.01
 Keratomalacia H18.441 - H18.443
 Lattice corneal dystrophy H18.541 - H18.543
 Localized vascularization of cornea
 Covered for significant cases only where corneal
 neovascularization is a complication of inflammatory,
 infectious or autoimmune corneal pathologies
 H16.431 - H16.433
 Macular corneal dystrophy H18.551 - H18.553
 Minor opacity of cornea H17.811 - H17.813
 Nodular corneal degeneration H18.451 - H18.453
 Other calcerous corneal degeneration H18.43
 Other congenital corneal malformations Q13.4
 Other corneal degeneration H18.49
 Other corneal scars and opacities H17.89
 Other hereditary corneal dystrophies H18.591 – H18.593
 Other keratitis H16.8
 Other tuberculosis of eye A18.59
Visually Necessary Contact Lens Specialty Maximums
 Description ICD-10 Codes:
 Peripheral corneal degeneration
 Covered for marginal corneal degenerations,
 such as pellucid and Terrien,
 or as a result of previous ocular disease or trauma
 H18.461 - H18.463
 Peripheral opacity of cornea H17.821 - H17.823
 Pupillary abnormality** H21.561 - H21.563
 Recurrent erosion of cornea H18.831 - H18.833
 Unspecified corneal deformity H18.70
 Unspecified corneal degeneration H18.40
 Unspecified corneal membrane change H18.30
 Unspecified corneal scar and opacity H17.9
 Unspecified hereditary corneal dystrophies H18.501 - H18.503
 Vitamin A deficiency with xerophthalmic scars of cornea E50.6
 ** Condition does not require an improvement in best corrected visual acuity (BCVA) by two lines compared to spectacles.
 
Note: 
To substantiate billing for keratoconus, your records must include: patient history; K readings; BCVA with refraction; slit lamp examination of the cornea; corneal topography or anterior OCT of
 the cornea.
 HCPCS HCPCS Description
 Annual
 Replacement1
 Planned
 Replacement1
 Daily
 Replacement1
 V2500* Contact lens, pmma, spherical, per lens $451 — —
 V2501* Contact lens, pmma, toric or prism ballast, per lens $585 — —
 V2502* Contact lens, pmma, bifocal, per lens $691 — —
 V2503* Contact lens, pmma, color vision deficiency, per lens $605 — —
 V2510* Contact lens, gas permeable, spherical, per lens $657 — —
 V2511* Contact lens, gas permeable, toric, prism ballast, per lens $800 — —
 V2512* Contact lens, gas permeable, bifocal, per lens $900 — —
 V2513* Contact lens, gas permeable, extended wear, per lens $825 — —
 V2520** Contact lens, hydrophilic, spherical, per lens $500 $650 —
 V2521** Contact lens, hydrophilic, toric, or prism ballast, per lens $679 $804 —
 V2522** Contact lens, hydrophilic, bifocal, per lens $750 $863 —
 V2523** Contact lens, hydrophilic, extended wear, per lens $650 $775 —
 V2530* Contact lens, scleral, gas impermeable, per lens $700 — —
 V2531* Contact lens, scleral, gas permeable, per lens $2,300 — —
 V2599** Contact lens, other type $1,300 $1,650 —
 Piggyback $1,300 $1,650 —
 Annual Replacement is 1-2 units. Planned Replacement is 3-360 units. Daily Replacement is 361+ units. 1
 *These services shouldn’t be billed for more than 2 units. If billed with higher unit counts, we’ll pay up to the Annual Replacement lens maximum.
 **These services shouldn’t be billed for more than 360 units. If billed with higher unit counts, we’ll pay up to the Planned Replacement lens maximum.
 Submitting the Claim
 Important! 
 
Member must be eligible for materials.
 Bill the appropriate HCPCS code(s) for the materials provided.
 Submit your U&C fee and indicate the number of units (contacts) dispensed. To maximize your patient’s benefit, dispensing an annual supply of contact lenses at one
 time is required under the Covered Contact Lenses and the Necessary Contact Lenses benefits.
 Each contact lens is considered one unit. Bill the total number of units provided based on the type of lenses dispensed:
 
 
Global fees are not appropriate. Fees must be itemized and include separate charges for contact lens exam and materials. You must bill for both the contact lens exam and materials, to be
 reimbursed.
 Important!
 DO NOT BILL VSP FOR PROFESSIONAL SERVICES ASSOCIATED WITH CRT, ORTHO-K OR MYOPIA MANAGEMENT.
 Contact Lens Exam Copay
 with Materials Allowance
 Exam And (Combined
 Contact Lens Allowance)
 Total Allowance Covered Contacts or Visually Necessary
 Contact Lenses
 Eye Exam
 (WellVision Exam)
 Use your patient’s routine benefit for exam services. Bill the appropriate CPT code and your U&C fee.
 Bill with contact lens exam if provided, and
 materials.
 Use your patient’s routine benefit for exam
 services.
 Contact Lens
 Exam Services
 Bill the appropriate CPT code and your U&C fee for the
 contact lens exam provided.
 Bill the appropriate CPT code and your U&C fee
 for the contact lens exam provided. Bill with
 materials.
 Contact lens exam services are covered under the
 materials claim.
 Bill the appropriate CPT code and your U&C fee
 for the contact lens exam provided. Bill with
 materials.
 Contact Lens
 Materials
 For Visually Necessary Contact Lenses, regardless of plan type, member must be eligible for materials. Covered Contact Lenses and Visually Necessary Contact Lenses
 coverage includes the contact lens exam services and an annual supply of contact lens materials.
 Unit Count, Type of contacts
 1–2 units, Conventional (non-disposable) contacts
 3–52 units, Planned replacement (month/quarter) or 14-day disposables
 53–106 units, 7-day disposables
 107–361+ units, 1-day disposables
 To ensure proper payment for piggyback contact lenses, bill all the appropriate HCPCS code(s) for materials provided. For hybrid contacts, bill with the miscellaneous
 contact lens code.
 Reimbursement
 Important! 
Determine your U&C fees for a contact lens exam, then add taxes if applicable (see chart below). Bill this amount on the claim. Follow your state tax guidelines.
 New Mexico doctors: Determine your total fees for services and materials. Bill this amount on the claim.
 Contact Lens Exam Copay with Materials Allowance Exam And (Combined Contact Lens Allowance)
 VSP
 Payment
 You’ll receive your assigned fee for the eye exam.
 In addition, we’ll pay you 85% of your U&C fees, less the patient copay, for a
 contact lens exam
 We will also pay your U&C fees for materials up to your patient’s contact lens
 materials allowance.
 You’ll receive your assigned fee for the eye exam.
 In addition, we’ll pay 85% of your contact lens exam U&C fee and your U&C fee for
 materials up to your patient’s Exam And contact lens allowance.
 Contact lens exam only (no materials): VSP will reimburse you up to $60.
 Contact lens materials only (contact lens exam services received elsewhere): If your patient
 is not eligible for services, contact VSP at 800.615.1883 for more information.
 Balance
 Billing
 Your patient is responsible for the contact lens exam copay or 85% of your U&C
 fees, whichever is less, and the difference between their contact lens materials
 allowance and U&C fee for materials.
 Your patient is responsible for the difference between their allowance and 85% of U&C fee
 for a contact lens exam fee and 100% of your U&C fee for materials.
 Contact lens exam only (no materials): Your patient is responsible for your U&C fee for a
 contact lens exam at 85% of U&C, less the $60 paid by VSP.
 Total Allowance Visually Necessary Contact Lenses Covered Contact Lenses
 VSP
 Payment
 We’ll pay your exam and contact lens exam fees
 at 85% of U&C plus your U&C fees for materials
 up to the patient’s total contact lens allowance.
 You’ll receive your assigned fee for the eye exam.
 In addition, on the Visually Necessary Contact Lens claim, we’ll pay
 up to the maximum allowed for the HCPCS code and quantity of
 contact lenses provided. Maximum allowed amount applies to the
 combination of 85% of your U&C fee for the contact lens exam and
 your U&C fee for materials.
 We’ll pay up to the maximum allowed for the HCPCS
 code and quantity of contact lenses provided. Maximum
 allowed amount applies to the combination of 85% of
 your U&C fee for the contact lens exam and your U&C
 fee for materials.
 Balance
 Billing
 Your patient is responsible for the difference
 between their allowance and your discounted
 fees for the eye exam and contact lens exam
 plus your U&C fee for materials.
 For an annual supply, don’t balance bill your patient for the
 difference between your U&C fee and our allowable amount.
 For an annual supply, don’t balance bill your patient for
 the difference between your U&C fee and our allowable
 amount.
 Note: 
Failure to record your contact lens exams, fittings and follow-ups may result in the denial of payment for services.
 Ensure that your medical records accurately support the diagnosis submitted on the claim when billing for Visually Necessary Contact Lenses. By doing so your payment will not be denied if the
 diagnosis billed is substantiated by the clinical findings documented in the patient’s record.
 See Contact Lens Case Management Procedures for contact lens fitting documentation criteria.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 17
 ®
 VSP Access Plan & VSP Access Indemnity Plan
 SM
 VSP’s Access Plan is a vision savings program on an eye exam and eyewear through a VSP network provider. The Access Indemnity Plan combines the Access Plan with an indemnity schedule of
 allowances, established by the client.
 Eligibility & Authorization
 Eligibility can be obtained on eyefinity.com or by calling VSP at 800.615.1883.
 Exam Services
 Patients are eligible for eye exams, including if only a refraction is performed at 80% of U&C.
 Coverage only applies to services and procedures included in a WellVision Exam. It doesn’t apply to additional diagnoses and treatment.
 Materials
 ®
 Charge patients 80% of U&C for frames, lenses, and lens enhancements when a complete pair of prescription glasses or non-prescription sunglasses is dispensed. The benefit:
 Is unlimited for 12 months on or following the date of an eye exam from a VSP doctor.
 Doesn’t apply to cleaning products or repairs of prescription lenses or frames.
 When dispensing materials, use professional judgment in evaluating prescriptions from another doctor. If necessary, you can request additional routine exams at 80% of U&C
 Contact Lens Services
 Charge patients 85% of U&C for contact lens exam services (F&E) and follow-up services. The benefit:
 Applies to services for prescription contact lenses only.
 Is unlimited for 12 months on or following the date of an eye exam from a VSP Network Doctor.
 Doesn't apply to contact lens materials, solutions, cleaning products or service agreements.
 The benefits are considered a private transaction between you and your patient; your patient is responsible for paying for the services or materials.
 SM
 VSP Laser VisionCare Program
 The program includes access to either Photorefractive Keratectomy (PRK) or Laser In-Situ Keratomileusis (LASIK) at a reduced cost, up to a maximum fee to the patient of $1,500 per eye for
 PRK, $1,800 per eye for LASIK, and $2,300 per eye for Custom LASIK with wavefront technology using the microkeratome, Custom PRK, or Bladeless LASIK.
 Members receive a complimentary screening as well as preoperative, and postoperative services through participating VSP doctors.
 If the laser center is offering a temporary price reduction, VSP members will get 5% off the advertised price if that’s less than the usual discount price.
 Please see the Laser VisionCare section under Programs on VSPOnline on eyefinity.com for information on how to participate or for a list of participating facilities.
 Eligibility & Authorization
 Eligibility can be obtained on eyefinity.com or by calling VSP at 800.615.1883.
 Allowances are paid by us only once during each eligibility period, unless authorization indicates banking or banking with multiple services. 
Exam Coverage
 Patients are eligible for an eye exam and additional eye exams, including if only a refraction is performed at 80% of U&C.
 Coverage only applies to services and procedures included in an eye exam. It doesn't apply to additional diagnoses and treatment.
 Deduct 20% from the exam first, then apply the allowance.
 Materials Coverage
 Patients are eligible for prescription lens, lens enhancements and/or frame (complete pair not required) at 80% of U&C, plus a group-specific schedule of allowances. The benefit:
 Is unlimited for 12 months on or following the date of the last covered eye exam.
 Doesn't apply to cleaning products or repairs of prescription lenses or frames.
 Deduct 20% from the materials first, then apply the allowance.
 When dispensing materials, use professional judgment in evaluating prescriptions from another doctor. If necessary, you can request additional routine exams at 80% of U&C
 Contact Lenses Services & Materials
 Patients are eligible for contact lens exam services (evaluation/fitting services and follow-up services) at 85% of U&C. You may charge your U&C fees for contact lens materials. Elective or visually
 necessary contact lenses are chosen in place of a complete pair of prescription glasses. You may bill the patient for any fees over the allowance and any applicable copay amount. The benefit:
 Applies to services for prescription contact lenses only.
 Is unlimited for 12 months on or following the date of the last covered eye exam, however the allowance schedule apples only once.
 Use professional judgment when evaluating prescriptions from another doctor.
 Doesn't apply to contact lens materials, solutions, cleaning products or service agreements.
 Deduct 15% from contact lens exam services (F&E) charge, then add your U&C fees for contact lens materials and apply the allowance.
 When dispensing materials, use professional judgment in evaluating prescriptions from another doctor. If necessary, you can request additional routine exams at 80% of U&C.
 Lab
 Lab work is handled privately. You may provide lenses through any lab, including in-office labs.
 Value-Added Benefits
 The value-added benefits below are considered a private transaction between you and your patient; your patient must pay for any additional items:
 Patients are eligible for additional complete pairs of prescription glasses or non-prescription sunglasses and blue light filtering glasses, from any VSP doctor within 12 months of the last eye
 exam at 80% of U&C. The benefit:
 Is based on your total U&C fee.
 Is unlimited for 12 months on or following the date of the last covered eye exam.
 Use professional judgment when evaluating prescriptions from another doctor.
 You can request an additional routine exam at 80% of U&C.
 Doesn't apply to cleaning products or repairs of prescription lenses or frames.
 Patients are eligible for contact lens exam services (evaluation/fitting services and follow-up services) at 85% of U&C. The benefit:
Is based on your total U&C fee.
 Applies to services for prescription contact lenses only.
 Is unlimited for 12 months on or following the date of the last covered eye exam.
 Use professional judgment when evaluating prescriptions from another doctor.
 Doesn't apply to solutions, cleaning products or service agreements.
 SM
 VSP Laser VisionCare Program
 The program includes access to either Photorefractive Keratectomy (PRK) or Laser In-Situ Keratomileusis (LASIK) at a reduced cost, up to a maximum fee to the patient of $1,500 per eye for
 PRK, $1,800 per eye for LASIK, and $2,300 per eye for Custom LASIK with wavefront technology using the microkeratome, Custom PRK, or Bladeless LASIK.
 Members receive a complimentary screening as well as preoperative, and postoperative services through participating VSP doctors.
 If the laser center is offering a temporary price reduction, VSP members will get 5% off the advertised price if that's less than the usual discount price.
 VSP Access Plan®
 Apply the VSP Access Plan vision savings, as follows: exam at 80% of U&C; glasses at80% of U&C; contact lens exam at 85% of U&C. Handle the visit as a private pay transaction. Don’t submit a
 claim to VSP. Collect the appropriate fees from the patient.
 VSP Access Indemnity PlanSM
 Apply the vision savings noted above for VSP Access Plan to your U&C professional fees.
 Subtract your patient’s Access Indemnity Plan allowance (found on the Patient Record Report) from adjusted U&C fees.
 Bill your patient for the difference between your adjusted U&C fees and the indemnity allowance.
 Bill VSP for services.
 Your patients may use their benefits for prescription glasses (lens and/or frame) or contact lens fitting/materials.
 For your patients with combined allowances without banking or banking with multiple services, bill all services at the same time so your patients get their full benefits.
 Glasses: Bill using eClaim.
 Complete the Invoice Services page and select “Non-VSP lab (Private Invoice).”
 Click on the “Calculate HCPCS and Continue” button.
 Complete the Diagnosis and Services page by entering your full U&C fees next to the appropriate CPT/HCPCS code.
 Contact Lenses: Bill using eClaim.
 Choose the type of contacts dispensed.
 Click on the “Calculate HCPCS and Continue” button.
 Complete the Diagnosis and Services page by entering your full U&C fees next to the appropriate CPT/HCPCS code.
 Please see the Necessary Contact Lens Benefit Criteria section of your VSP Provider Reference Manual for more information regarding benefit criteria and claim submission.
 Following is an example of an exam, prescription lenses and frame provided under the VSP Access Indemnity Plan. The indicated U&C fees and indemnity allowance amounts are examples only.
 Eye Exam
 Lenses
 Tint
 Frame
 Your U&C fee is:
 Subtract 20% from your U&C fee:
 Subtract indemnity allowance:
 Patient pays:
 $65-$13-$30
 $22
 See Services Subject to Review/Audit for information regarding material record keeping requirements.
 $45-$9-$30
 $6
 $20-$4-$0
 $16
 $100-$20-$40
 $40
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 18
 VSP Integrated Primary EyeCare Program
 SM
 The Integrated Primary EyeCare Program lets VSP network doctors work directly with VSP’s health plan clients to obtain eligibility, authorizations, and submit claims for medical eyecare. The
 program is an addition to the VSP medical product portfolio that supports the ability of all VSP network doctors to practice to their full scope of licensure.
 Through Integrated Primary EyeCare, enrollees of VSP-contracted health plan clients will gain access to VSP network doctors. At the time a health plan client contracts with VSP to provide this
 program in your area, you will be provided with specific health plan client information, including the negotiated reimbursement rate.
 Enrollment will be automatic for each network in which a doctor participates (e.g., VSP, Select, Advantage, Choice, and Medicaid). Integrated Primary EyeCare patients can only be referred to
 another doctor or refused service, if you’re not licensed to perform the service needed.
 To render services through this program, VSP network doctors agree to:
 Maintain an active status with VSP.
 Follow each health plan client’s policies and procedures relating to the delivery of medical eyecare.
 Be listed in the health plan’s provider directory.
 Accept compensation that is based on a percentage of the Medicare or Medicaid fee schedule for your locality and/or state, and which may vary by client. (See Client Details pages of the VSP
 Provider Reference Manual for specific details.)
 See all eligible members of VSP-contracted health plan clients.
 Submit Integrated Primary EyeCare claims to the patient’s health plan carrier, not to VSP.
 Accept payment for services under the program from the patient’s health plan carrier or its administrative services provider, not VSP.
 Accept payment, less any copays or coinsurance by the VSP-contracted health plan client, as payment in full for services covered under the Integrated Primary EyeCare Program.
 Submit all complaints and grievances regarding Integrated Primary EyeCare patients and claims to the health plan client, and hold VSP harmless from such complaints and grievances.
 Please refer to Client Details for additional information.
 Compensation is based on a percentage of either the Medicare RBRVS allowables for your location or the state Medicaid fee schedule. VSP will negotiate the reimbursement rate with the health
 plan client on the doctors’ behalf. Each client contract requires clients to follow state and federal guidelines when paying doctors.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 19
 SM
 VSP Exam Plus Plan and VSP Exam Plus with Allowances Plan
 Exam Coverage
 Exam Plus patients are covered for a comprehensive eye exam.
 Materials
 SM
 The benefits below are considered a private transaction between you and your patient. Your patient must pay for any additional items.
 Patients are eligible for complete sets of prescription glasses or non-prescription sunglasses from a VSP doctor within 12 months of the last eye exam at 80% of U&C. The benefit:
 Patients are eligible for contact lens exam services (F&E) and follow-up services at 85% U&C. The benefit:
 Is unlimited for 12 months on or following the date of the last eye exam.
 Use professional judgment when evaluating prescriptions from another doctor. You can request an additional routine exam at 80% of U&C.
 Deduct 20% on additional eye exams, including if only a refraction is performed.
 Doesn’t apply to cleaning products or repairs of prescription lenses or frames.
 Applies to services for prescription lenses only.
 Doesn’t apply to contact lens materials, solutions, cleaning products, or service agreement
 Exam Coverage
 VSP Exam Plus With Allowance patients are covered for a comprehensive eye exam.
 Materials Coverage
 Lenses and Frames
 Patients are eligible for prescription lens, lens enhancements and/or frame (complete pair not required), plus they have a group-specific schedule of allowances. The lens allowance is applied to
 the complete lens service—including both the base lens and any lens enhancements selected.
 VSP only covers frames that are used for prescription lenses that meet VSP’s minimum prescription criteria (refractive error is at least +/- 0.50 diopter), unless the patient has plano coverage.
 The benefit is available for 12 months on or following the date of the last covered eye exam. Deduct 20% from the materials first, then apply the allowance.
 Contact Lenses
 Charge patients with Elective Contact Lens (ECL) or Visually Necessary Contact Lens (NCL) coverage 85% U&C for contact lens exam services (evaluation/fitting services and follow-up services).
 You may charge your U&C fees for contact lens materials. Elective or visually necessary contact lenses are chosen in place of a complete set of prescription glasses. Your patient must pay any
 costs over the allowances listed in their client-specific schedule of allowances.
 Lab
 Lab work is handled privately. You may provide lenses through any lab, including in-office labs.
 Value-Added Benefits
 The Value-Added benefits below are considered a private transaction between you and your patient. Your patient must pay for any additional items.
 Patients are eligible for additional complete pairs of prescription glasses and non-prescription sunglasses and blue light filtering glasses, from any VSP doctor within 12 months of the last eye
 exam at 80% of U&C. The benefit:
 Is unlimited for 12 months on or following the date of the last eye exam.
 Use professional judgment when evaluating prescriptions from another doctor. You can request an additional routine exam at 80% of U&C.
 Deduct 20% on additional eye exams, including if only a refraction is performed.
 Doesn’t apply to cleaning products or repairs of prescription lenses or frames.
 Patients are eligible for contact lens exam services (F&E) and follow-up services at 85% of U&C. The benefit:
 Applies to services for prescription lenses only.
 Is unlimited for 12 months on or following the date of the last eye exam.
 Use professional judgment when evaluating prescriptions from another doctor.
 Doesn’t apply to contact lens materials, solutions, cleaning products, or service agreements.
 Submitting Claims/Billing & Reimbursement
 VSP Exam Plus With Allowances
 Your patient pays the amount above their allowance. You may charge your U&C fees for contact lens materials. Progressive lenses are reimbursed at the bifocal allowance.
 For patients with combined allowances without banking or banking with multiple services, bill all services at the same time so your patients get their full benefits. Remaining allowances can’t
 be carried forward. The combined allowance applies to only one set of services. Your patients may use their benefits for a complete pair of prescription glasses or contact lens
 f
 itting/materials.
 Submitting the Claim Electronically
 Glasses:
 Bill using our electronic claims submission system.
 Complete the Invoice Services page and select Non-VSP lab (Private Invoice).
 Click on the Calculate HCPCS and Continue button.
 Complete the Diagnosis and Services page by entering your full U&C fees next to the appropriate CPT/HCPCS code.
 Contact Lenses:
 Bill using our electronic claims submission system.
 Choose the type of contacts dispensed.
 If contact lens evaluation/fitting services were provided, show this in the dropdown.
 Click on the Calculate HCPCS and Continue button.
 Complete the Diagnosis and Services page by entering your full U&C fees next to the appropriate CPT/HCPCS code.
 Please see the Necessary Contact Lens Benefit Criteria section of your VSP Provider Reference Manual for more information regarding benefit criteria and claim submission.
 Submitting the Claim on Paper
Glasses:
 Enter your full U&C fees next to the right CPT/HCPCS code.
 Complete the CMS-1500 Claim Form by entering your full U&C fees next to the right CPT/HCPCS code for lens and frame.
 Enter all eight digits of the authorization number in Box 23.
 Contact Lenses
 Enter your full U&C fees next to the right CPT/HCPCS code.
 Select the type of contacts dispensed.
 Enter all eight digits of the authorization number in Box 23.
 The program includes access to either Photorefractive Keratectomy (PRK) or Laser In-Situ Keratomileusis (LASIK) at a reduced cost, up to a maximum fee to the patient of $1,500 per eye for
 PRK, $1,800 per eye for LASIK, and $2,300 per eye for Custom LASIK with wavefront technology using microkeratome, Custom PRK, or Bladeless LASIK.
 Members receive a complimentary screening as well as pre-operative and post-operative services through participating VSP doctors.
 If the laser center is offering a temporary price reduction, VSP members will get 5% off the advertised price if that’s less than the usual discount price.
 Please see the Laser VisionCare page under Programs on VSPOnline at eyefinity.com for information on how to participate or for a list of participating facilities.
 See Services Subject to Review/Audit for information regarding material record keeping requirements.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 ® 
Page 20
 ProTec Safety Plan
 The ProTec Safety Plan provides a range of hazardous work environment coverage options for clients and members. With ProTec Safety, your patients can see you for their safety eyewear needs,
 which provide continuity of care for your patients.
 Safety Requirements Questionnaire
 ProTec Safety patients should complete a questionnaire about their work environments and related safety requirements before receiving safety services. You can use VSP’s Safety Requirements
 Questionnaire if you’d like or one you’ve created. Keep a copy of the completed questionnaire in your patients’ record.
 Coordination of Benefits
 There’s no coordination of benefits under the ProTec Safety plan.
 ProTec Safety patients may have routine VSP coverage that covers their routine exam where work safety needs may be additionally addressed, as appropriate. Please refer to the Patient
 Record Report for exam coverage and benefit information because your patients may have different coverage.
 If a patient would like their safety prescription filled, it must be under two years old. Additionally, you can choose to require a new exam prior to providing materials based on your professional
 judgment. If you decide that an exam is necessary and the patient’s exam is not covered through their routine benefit or they do not have supplemental exam coverage under their ProTec
 Safety Plan, deduct 20% from the usual and customary (U&C) exam fee.
 Necessary corrective lenses (i.e. single vision, bifocal, trifocal, or lenticular) in glass or plastic (CR-39) that meet the American National Standards Institute (ANSI) standards are detailed below for
 safety eyewear.
 ANSI Requirements
 The lenses and frames provided under this plan are certified as safe for the work environment by meeting the necessary requirements set forth by ANSI effective April 20, 2020.
 Lenses
 Frames
 No safety lenses can be less than 2mm thick at the thinnest point. This
 applies to any lens used in a frame marked Z87-2 and all Impact Rated
 Protector prescription lenses.
 General Purpose Protector: Lens must be engraved with the manufacturer’s
 logo. General Purpose Protector lenses can’t be less than 3.0 mm thick.
 Impact Rated Protector: Minimum of 2.0 mm thickness. Lens must be
 marked with the manufacturer’s logo and with a plus sign (+), indicating that
 it meets Impact Rated Protector test requirements.
 If the finished product meets the General Purpose Protector requirements,
 the lab is no longer required to attach a hangtag stating, “This eyewear meets
 the Basic Impact Requirements…”
 Lenses
 Covered Lens Enhancements
 Prescription spectacles must be tested as a complete device.
 Frames that meet the Impact Rated Protector requirement must bear the mark Z87-2 (a + will be
 required once manufacturers can change their markings and existing inventory is depleted) and may be
 used for both General Purpose Protector and Impact Rated Protector applications.
 Note: Detachable side shields are marked with Z87+. If side shields are permanent they don’t need to be
 marked.
 Covered lens enhancements are available and will vary depending on the patient’s benefit. VSP will pay the lab for any covered lens enhancement and there’s no charge to the patient. Refer to
 the Patient Record Report for lens enhancement coverage. In most cases, ProTec Safety patients will be covered for polycarbonate lenses.
 Other Enhancements
 If your patient selects a lens enhancement that is covered with copay, charge the patient your usual and customary fee (U&C) for the lens enhancement or their lens enhancement copay. (refer
 to the VSP Signature Plan Lens Enhancement Chart), whichever is lower. Refer to the Patient Record Report for lens enhancement coverage.
 Non-covered Items
 These options and items aren’t covered under the ProTec Safety plan and VSP will deny the claim if submitted for reimbursement:
 Contact lenses
 Everyday eyewear instead of safety materials
 Materials obtained from a non-VSP doctor, unless the group has out-of-network coverage
 Plano or non-prescription lenses, unless otherwise indicated on the Patient Record Report (minimum prescription ±0.50 diopters required for lenses)
 Frames
 Covered Frames
 ProTec Safety patients can choose one of the 30 ANSI-approved frames from the ProTec Eyewear collection. Some member plans have a frame benefit that allows for choice of a ProTect Frame
 Retail Frame Allowance to use towards any Safety Rated frame outside of the ProTec Eyewear collection. These plans will have the detailed information on the Patient Record Report with the
 wholesale and retail allowances for the plan. ProTec Eyewear frames from the collection are fully-covered for the patient and will be supplied by a participating lab (see the Lab section for more
 details). Depending on the patient’s frame allowance, if the patient chooses a frame outside of the ProTec Eyewear collection, overages should be determined using the VSP Signature Plan frame
 overage policy. If the patient does not have a retail frame allowance as part of their benefit, the patient must select a frame from the ProTec Eyewear collection or online catalog.
 Non-Covered Frames
 For patients that do not have a retail frame allowance and are required to select from the ProTec Eyewear collection and one of the following occurs:
 The needed eye size isn’t available in any of the covered frames
 None of the frames meets the hazardous work environment of your patient.
 The patient has an allergy to the standard safety frame materials used in the covered frames.
 The non-ProTec Eyewear frame is not covered in full and you must submit a ProTec Safety Verification Form to document the exception. Once the exception is documented, then the patient will
 have a retail frame allowance of $65 (wholesale of $25). If the member chooses a frame with a cost that exceeds both the wholesale and retail allowances, deduct 20% from the retail overage.
 Determine the patient’s cost (if any) as you do today and collect any overages from the patient.
 Important! 
®
 You must submit a ProTec Safety Verification Form to VSP to document the exception. Only use if the member plan does not have a Retail Frame Allowance. 
Additional Materials
 ®
 When a complete pair of glasses, including plano sunglasses, is dispensed within 12 months from the date of the last eye exam, charge the patient 80% of U&C for non-covered materials. Refer
 to the Value-Added Benefits in the VSP Signature Plan section for details.
 All ProTec Safety orders must be sent to a participating lab:
 VSPOne Columbus
 800.251.5150
 2065 Rohr Road, Lockbourne, OH 43137
 When billing electronically, eClaim will only offer this lab choice for ProTec Safety orders. If you don’t already have an account with the lab, you may submit the order, but they may contact you
 for more information.
 Paper claim practices: You must order lab-supplied materials from the participating labs listed above.
 Emergency Situations
 In emergencies, you can use any lab capable of producing ANSI certified safety eyewear (see the National Contract Lab List); choose lab 100 when billing on eClaim.
 The following situations are considered emergencies. Include the reason for the emergency when submitting claims to VSP:
 Use one of the following comments when indicating emergency status by selecting Lab Special Instructions:
 Patient’s safety glasses are lost, stolen, or broken and he or she doesn’t own a back-up pair.
 Patient needs safety glasses to work or drive, is unable to see well enough to do so, and doesn’t have a back-up pair of safety glasses.
 Patient’s safety and well-being will be jeopardized without the immediate delivery of his or her prescription safety eyewear.
 Note: 
®
 To obtain wholesale costs of ProTec Eyewear safety frames please see the Frame Data Price Book, available through Jobson, or contact the manufacturer directly for the list price.
 Titmus at 855.848.6878
 OnGuard (Hilco) at 800.955.6544
 Wiley X at 800.776.7842
 Refer to the Frame section for complete details and instructions on emergency situations.
 Supplemental ProTec Safety Exams
 The level of eye exam or the evaluation and management service that you provide depends on the location and the time elapsed since the patient’s last routine eye exam:
 ®
 Time Since WellVision Routine
 Exam
 Same day
 1 day or more
 Reimbursement Percentage
 No reimbursement
 65% of the doctor’s comprehensive exam
 fee when supplemental exam is billed*
 When possible, perform your supplemental and comprehensive or intermediate exams in the same visit.
 *If you choose to use 920XX codes to bill your WellVision Exams, please remember to bill refraction (92015) separately for accurate reimbursement.
 Stand-Alone ProTec Safety Plan Exams
 Exams for Stand-Alone Safety EyeCare Plans are reimbursed at your Signature Plan comprehensive or intermediate exam payable fee.
 Lenses
 You’ll receive a flat rate dispensing fee of $25 for covered lenses. There are no additional reimbursements for dispensing progressive lenses or covered lens enhancements. Use CPT code 99022
 (for shipping) when submitting for progressive lenses to be reimbursed up to the maximum allowable.
 Frame
 When patients choose a covered ProTec Eyewear frame, it will be supplied by a participating lab. You won’t receive a dispensing fee or material reimbursement for the frame. When submitting
 the claim, be sure to look for the Collection with ProTec next to it (i.e. Baseline Collection – ProTec) when entering frame information on EasyFind, or use the UPC number listed on the online
 catalog to select the appropriate ProTect frame.
 Note: 
®
 To obtain wholesale costs please see the Frame Data Price Book, available through Jobson, or contact the manufacturer directly for the list price.
 Titmus at 855.848.6878
 OnGuard (Hilco) at 800.955.6544
 Wiley X, Inc. at 800.776.7842*
 *If a patient that does not have the ProTec Safety Plan, is interested in a Wiley X, Inc. frame, you must contact Wiley X directly. Wiley X requires an account to be set up to sell their frames outside
 of the ProTec Safety Plan.
 See Services Subject to Review/Audit for information regarding material record keeping requirements.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 21
 Safety EyeCare Plan
 ®
 There are two types of Safety EyeCare plans: the Safety Supplemental Plan and the Safety Stand-Alone Plan. Most clients that provide safety benefits purchase the Safety Supplemental Plan, in
 addition to our VSP Signature Plan .
 The Safety Stand-Alone Plan is similar to our Signature Plan, with two exceptions:
 Prescribed materials must meet American National Standards Institute (ANSI) standards for safety eyewear.
 Value-Added benefits don’t apply to non-covered materials.
 Safety Requirements Questionnaire
 Safety EyeCare Plan patients should fill out questionnaires about their work environments and related safety requirements before exams. A sample Safety Requirements Questionnaire is located
 in the Tools and Forms section of the Manuals on VSPOnline on eyefinity.com. Keep a copy of the questionnaire or the information it contains in your patient’s record.
 Coordination of Benefits
 There’s no coordination of benefits under most Safety EyeCare Plans.
 When your patient has Safety Supplemental coverage, use the patient’s Signature Plan coverage for a routine eye exam and the Safety Supplemental Plan for supplemental exams. Give an
 intermediate or comprehensive eye exam under your patient’s Safety Supplemental Plan only if that patient isn’t eligible for an eye exam under the Signature Plan.
 Necessary corrective lenses (i.e. single vision, bifocal, trifocal, or lenticular) in glass or plastic (CR-39) that meet the American National Standards Institute (ANSI) standards are detailed below for
 safety eyewear.
 Certified safety eyewear, lenses and frames must meet the following standards set by ANSI, effective April 20, 2020:
 Lenses
 Frames
 No safety lenses can be less than 2mm thick at the thinnest point. This
 applies to any lens used in a frame marked Z87-2 and all Impact Rated
 Protector prescription lenses.
 General Purpose Protector: Lens must be engraved with the manufacturer’s
 logo. General Purpose Protector lenses can’t be less than 3.0 mm thick.
 Impact Rated Protector: Minimum of 2.0 mm thickness. Lens must be
 marked with the manufacturer’s logo and with a plus sign (+), indicating that
 it meets Impact Rated Protector test requirements.
 If the finished product meets the General Purpose Protector requirements,
 the lab is no longer required to attach a hangtag stating, “This eyewear meets
 the Basic Impact Requirements…”
 Prescription spectacles must be tested as a complete device.
 Frames that meet the Impact Rated Protector requirement must bear the mark Z87-2 (a + will be
 required once manufacturers can change their markings and existing inventory is depleted) and may be
 used for both General Purpose Protector and Impact Rated Protector applications.
 Detachable side shields are marked with Z87+. If side shields are permanent they don’t need to be
 marked.
 Other Lens Enhancements
 If your patient selects a lens enhancement that is covered with copay, . charge your patients the amount listed on the VSP Signature Plan Lens Enhancements Chart or your U&C, whichever is
 lower. Check the Patient Record Report.Examples of lens enhancements for patients:
 Lens Enhancements:
 Anti-reflective coating
 UV coatings
 Blended lenses
 Progressive lenses
 Tints (Solid or Gradient)
 Oversize lenses
 Polycarbonate lenses
 Frames that exceed the frame allowance
 Non-covered Items
 The items below aren’t a benefit under the Safety EyeCare plan and VSP will deny the claim if submitted for reimbursement:
 Contact lenses
 Everyday eyewear instead of safety materials
 Materials obtained from a non-VSP doctor, unless the group has out-of-network coverage
 Plano (non-prescription) lenses (unless otherwise indicated)
 Rimless mounting
 Frames
 ®
 After determining patient eligibility and lens needs, have your patient choose a frame from your safety selection or the ProTec Eyewear online catalog. ProTec Eyewear offers ANSI Z87-2
 certified frames in a variety of styles and colors, including Titanium and wrap-around. If your practice carries ProTec Eyewear, please note that the frames in the kit are for display purposes only.
 All ProTec Eyewear should be ordered through a participating lab and will be supplied by the lab.
 Side shields and a frame case are included with ProTec Eyewear frames at no additional cost. If a client requires permanent side shields, a comment on the Patient Record Report will indicate the
 requirement.
 Under the Safety EyeCare plan, patients can choose a frame with detachable or permanent side shields. If the frame and shields are priced separately, add the cost of the shields to the cost of
 the frame to determine the total cost. Depending upon the patient’s frame allowance, ProTec Eyewear frames may not be fully covered under the VSP Safety EyeCare Plan. Refer to the Patient
 Record Report for more information on the patient’s frame allowance. Overages should be determined using the VSP Signature Plan frame overage policy.
 Note: 
®
 If a patient with or without the VSP Safety Eyecare Plan is interested in a frame from the ProTec Eyewear kit, you’ll need the wholesale cost of the frame. To obtain wholesale costs please see the
 Frame Data Price Book, available through Jobson, or contact the manufacturer directly for the list price.
 Titmus at 855.848.6878
OnGuard (Hilco) at 800.955.6544
 Wiley X, Inc. at 800.776.7842*
 *If a patient that does not have the ProTec Safety Plan, is interested in a Wiley X, Inc. frame, you must contact Wiley X directly. Wiley X requires an account to be set up to sell their frames outside
 of the ProTec Safety Plan.
 All safety orders must be sent to the following participating lab:
 VSPOne Columbus
 800.251.5150
 2605 Rohr Road, Lockebourne, OH 43137
 Paper claim practices: You must order lab-supplied materials from the participating lab listed above.
 Emergency
 In emergencies, you can use any lab capable of producing ANSI certified safety eyewear (see the National Contract Lab List); choose lab 100 when billing on eClaim.
 Use one of the following comments when indicating emergency status:
 Patient’s safety glasses are lost, stolen, or broken and he or she doesn’t own a back-up pair.
 Patient needs safety glasses to work or drive and is unable to see well enough to do so and doesn’t have a back-up pair of safety glasses.
 Patient’s safety and well-being will be jeopardized without the immediate delivery of his or her prescription safety eyewear.
 Supplemental Safety EyeCare Exams
 The level of eye exam or the evaluation and management service that you provide depends on the location and the time elapsed since the patient’s last routine eye exam:
 ®
 Time Since WellVision Routine Exam
 Same day
 1 day or more
 Reimbursement Percentage
 No reimbursement
 65% of the doctor’s comprehensive exam fee when supplemental exam is billed*
 When possible, perform your supplemental and comprehensive or intermediate exams in the same visit.
 *If you choose to use 920XX codes to bill your WellVision Exams, please remember to bill refraction (92015) separately for accurate reimbursement.
 Stand-Alone Safety EyeCare Plan Exams
 Exams for Stand-Alone Safety EyeCare Plans are reimbursed at your Signature Plan comprehensive or intermediate exam payable fee.
 Dispensing Fees
 Supplemental Safety EyeCare Plans have a lens dispensing fee only. The lens dispensing is reimbursed at a flat rate of $25.
 Stand-alone Safety Eyecare Plans have a lens and frame-dispensing fee that is also reimbursed at a flat rate. Both lens and frame dispensing are reimbursed at $25 each.
 See Services Subject to Review/Audit for information regarding material record keeping requirements.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 22
 LightCare™ Enhancement
 Eligible members can use the LightCare enhancement for plano (non-prescription), ready-made sunglasses or blue light filtering glasses instead of contact lenses or prescription glasses,
 exhausting both their lens and frame eligibility.
 Eligible members will be indicated with the following comment on the Patient Record Report:
 Note: 
Members may receive plano (non-prescription) ready-made sunglasses or plano blue light filtering glasses instead of prescription glasses. This will exhaust both lens and frame benefits.
 Frames
 Coverage includes any ready-made, doctor-supplied plano sunglasses or plano blue light filtering glasses. Apply the patient's retail frame allowance to the cost of the complete pair (lens and
 frame). Deduct 20% from any amount over their retail allowance. Sunglasses can be ordered if not available at the time of the member’s visit. If you do not supply an inventory of ready-made
 blue light glasses, you can refer patient to Eyeconic. The $20 and $40 Marchon/Altair frame promotions apply to LightCare.
 Lenses
 To cover the lenses, the patient must select the lenses included in the frame with no additional enhancements or coatings.
 When submitting claims for non-prescription sunglasses or blue light filtering glasses on eClaim, indicate the order as a “frame only” order.
 A diagnosis code is required for claim submission. For frame-only claim submission, use Z46.0 (Encounter for fitting and adjustment of spectacles and contact lenses) or other relevant diagnosis
 code(s), as appropriate. Including a diagnosis code will ensure correct claims processing.
 For all eligible LightCare Plan Enhancement claims, you’ll be reimbursed both your frame dispensing fee and a frame material fee (up to the patient’s wholesale/retail frame allowance).
 See Services Subject to Review/Audit for information regarding material record keeping requirements.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 SM
 Page 23
 Computer VisionCare Plan
 Computer VisionCare services are usually provided at the same time as your patient’s routine eye exam to treat Computer Vision Syndrome (CVS). There are two Computer VisionCare plans:
 Supplemental Computer VisionCare and Computer VisionCare Only.
 Coordination of Benefits
 There’s no coordination of benefits for services provided under the Computer VisionCare Plan.
 Computer VisionCare patients should complete a questionnaire about their work environments and viewing distance from the computer before the exam. A sample Computer VisionCare
 Questionnaire can be found in the Patient Education section in the Forms Library area under Administration on VSPOnline on eyefinity.com. Keep a copy of the questionnaire or the
 information in your patient’s record.
 Supplemental Computer VisionCare patients are eligible for a supplemental exam to determine computer vision requirements in addition to the tests listed below.
 Computer VisionCare Only: Patients receive a comprehensive exam and the tests listed below.
 Additional Tests and Records
 ®
 In addition to services provided under the VSP Signature Plan , include the following tests and records with the Computer VisionCare eye exam:
 history, including viewing distances, lighting, viewing angles, and symptoms
 vision assessment (at least two of the following):
 Function (at least two of the following):
 determination at computer viewing distance eye discussion, when indicated (only during initial visit; no coverage for ongoing treatment)
 testing as indicated, to support the diagnosis
 Near point of convergence test
 Cover test or heterophoria test at the near working distance of the computer monitor
 Fusion quality (assessment of fusion ranges when indicated)
 Facility of accommodation
 Amplitude of accommodation
 Plus and minus lenses to blur at the computer monitor working distance
 Treatment requirements
 if computer glasses are indicated
 prescription, if indicated
 regarding the visual environment and workstation
 eye discussion, when indicated
 therapy, when indicated
 Patients qualify for Computer VisionCare materials only if they have one of the following diagnoses. Claims require at least one of the following diagnosis codes.
 Diagnosis
 Presbyopia
 Hyperopia
 Disorder of Accommodation
 Heterophoria
 Astigmatism
 Code
 H52.4
 H52.01, H52.02, H52.03
 H52.511, H52.512, H52.513
 H52.521, H52.522, H52.523
 H52.531, H52.532, H52.533
 H50.50, H50.51, H50.52, H50.53, H50.54, H50.55
 H52.201, H52.202, H52.203
 H52.211, H52.212, H52.213
 H52.221, H52.222, H52.223
 Disorder of Convergence
 Lenses
 H51.0, H51.11, H51.12, H51.21, H51.22, H51.23, H51.8
 Under both plans, patients are eligible for covered lenses and a wholesale/retail frame allowance. Value-Added benefits don’t apply. Materials prescribed are for computer use only.
 Spectacle lens coverage includes:
 prescription of ±0.50 diopters or greater required for lenses.
 vision, bifocal, and trifocal specifically designed for working at a computer glass/plastic.
 Variable Focus lenses (VSP lens enhancement code IA) are covered
 Note: 
Although rare, some clients may choose to cover all progressives. Check the patient record report for coverage details.
 sizes up to and including 60 mm.
 prescription for supplemental Computer VisionCare materials must differ by ±0.50 diopters or greater at any distance from the patient’s everyday eyewear.
 Note: 
Recognizing the advances in lens technologies, digital lenses with a built in “bump” lens attribute (minimum +0.50 diopter ADD power) offered for computer use but not for a patient’s everyday
 use, may be used to satisfy the ±0.50 diopters prescription difference.
 I, II or Rose tints, up to 20% absorption level.
 Frame
 Most VSP plans provide a blended wholesale/retail allowance toward the purchase of a new frame. Patients may also use a serviceable existing frame. If the member chooses a frame with a cost
 that exceeds both the wholesale and retail allowances, deduct 20% from the retail overage
 
Blended lenses Oversize lenses
 Polycarbonate Non-pink or non-rose tints, up to 20% absorption level
 Mid or Hi-Index Scratch resistant coating
 UV coating Edge treatment
 Anti-reflective coating 
Blended lenses Oversize lenses
 Polycarbonate Non-pink or non-rose tints, up to 20% absorption level
 Mid or Hi-Index Scratch resistant coating
 UV coating Edge treatment
 Anti-reflective coating 
VSP contract labs.
 orders through eClaim at eyefinity.com.
 redos, please check the First-Time Doctor Redos policy in Dispensing and Patient Lens Enhancements section.
 can use non-contract labs in emergency situations only.
 in-office lens enhancements are acceptable if they follow Computer VisionCare guidelines for tints. See Doctor In-Office Lens Enhancements for details.
 materials prescribed are for computer use only.
 include at least one of the diagnoses listed above
 prescription for Computer VisionCare materials must differ by more than ±0.50 diopters from your patient’s everyday eyewear
 patient can’t get Computer VisionCare glasses that are the same as everyday eyewear.
 insufficiency— H51.11
 insufficiency— H52.521, H52.522, H52.523
 spasm— H52.531, H52.532, H52.533
 insufficiency—378.83
 insufficiency—367.50
 spasm—367.53
 will pay up to a maximum of $200.
 Other Lens Enhancements
 If your patient selects a lens enhancement that is covered with copay, charge your patient according to the VSP Signature Plan Lens Enhancements Chart or your U&C, whichever is lower.
 Examples of lens enhancements patients can choose:
 Lens Enhancements
 Non-covered Materials
 The following items aren’t benefits under the Computer VisionCare Plan. Clients may make exceptions to this list. Please check the Patient Record Report for coverage. If these items are provided,
 the lenses and frame will be denied.
 Claims submitted under the Computer VisionCare Plan must meet the following criteria:
 VSP will verify that Computer VisionCare glasses meet all requirements. Paid materials claims that don’t meet the above criteria may be reversed. You may not bill your patients for claims that
 are reversed.
 If your patient can’t adjust to occupational progressive lens, benefits won’t be reinstated. Payment becomes a private transaction between you and your patient.
 Claim Reimbursement
 Supplemental Computer VisionCare: When your patient has Supplemental Computer VisionCare coverage, use their routine benefit for the eye exam and the Computer VisionCare coverage
 for supplemental Computer Vision Syndrome testing.
 Please refer to the chart below to determine your reimbursement:
 Time Since WellVision Routine Exam ® Reimbursement Percentage
 Same day 30% of comprehensive exam payable fee*
 1 day or more 65% of comprehensive exam payable fee*
 When possible, perform your supplemental and comprehensive or intermediate exams in the same visit.
 *If you choose to use 920XX codes to bill your WellVision Exams, please remember to bill refraction (92015) separately for accurate reimbursement.
 Computer VisionCare Only: We’ll reimburse you for exams at your VSP Signature Plan comprehensive or intermediate exam payable fee.
 Computer VisionCare-related vision therapy provides evaluations and orthoptic and/or pleoptic sessions for patients with one of the following conditions:
 Computer VisionCare-related vision therapy provides evaluations and orthoptic and/or pleoptic sessions for patients with one of the following conditions:
 If your patient meets the benefit criteria above and is eligible for Computer VisionCare-related vision therapy, please refer to the Vision Therapy section of this manual for billing instructions.
 Coverage:
$200 allowance includes any supplemental testing. VSP does not provide coverage for supplemental testing without treatment.
 patient is responsible for additional therapy above the $200 allowance.
 See Services Subject to Review/Audit for information regarding material record keeping requirements.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 24
 VSP EasyOptions
 VSP EasyOptions is an enhancement to the VSP Signature, Choice, Enhanced Advantage and Advantage plans that enables doctors and patients to customize VSP materials coverage to meet the
 patient’s lifestyle and visual needs.
 Obtain eligibility on eyefinity.com or by calling VSP at 800.615.1883.
 When retrieving an authorization, an alert box will appear on eyefinity.com and the VSP Patient Record Report will show VSP EasyOptions under Plan Details.
 The VSP EasyOptions enhancement does not affect exam coverage. Refer to the VSP Patient Record Report for exam coverage information.
 Potential materials coverage upgrades with VSP EasyOptions vary by client, and are shown on the VSP Patient Record Report. Patients are eligible to pick one (1) upgrade from the selection.
 Example upgrades include but are not limited to:
 Fully covered progressive lenses, or
 Fully covered photochromic lenses, or
 Fully covered anti-reflective coating, or
 Increased frame allowance, or
 Increased contact lens allowance
 Assist the patient with frame and lens selection as normal, and then determine which upgrade provides the best value for the patient. Charge the patient for the other choices/upgrades as
 normal for their plan.
 Note: 
If the client already covers Standard Progressive under the base plan, then only Premium and Custom Progressives are available under EasyOptions.
 You’ll be reimbursed for exam and materials according to the patient’s Signature or Choice Plan coverage as normal. The best value for the patient will be calculated upon claim submission, and
 this selection will show on your VSP Explanation of Payment as “EasyOptions—[name] Upgrade.” Other upgrades will show as “EasyOptions—No Upgrade.”
 Some clients may also have an additional $50 frame allowance upgrade for Marchon/Altair frames. You will see this upgrade on the VSP Patient Record Report under Plan Details.
 See Services Subject to Review/Audit for information regarding material record keeping requirements.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 25
 Repair/Replace Benefits
 Repair/Replace Benefits cover materials your patients get when they’re not eligible for materials under their core plan. Refer to the Patient Record Report to determine if the patient is eligible for
 repair or replacement coverage. Patients are eligible if their spectacle lenses or frames are broken or damaged and need repair or replacement.
 It also covers materials your patients receive when they’re not eligible for materials under the core plan and they can no longer use their glasses.
 Patients covered under this additional benefit may be entitled to eyeglass lens and frame repair. Frame repair includes temples only, front only, hinge, and miscellaneous repairs. The Repair
 Benefit may also include replacement of a complete frame and/or basic lens.
 Patients need to bring the glasses to you before obtaining an authorization.
 You’ll determine if glasses can be repaired. If they can’t, replacement may be covered.
 Exam
 Exams aren’t
 covered.
 Lenses
 New lenses are allowed if:
 repair or replacement for single vision or multifocal lenses will be approved if the doctor
 determines the glasses can’t be repaired;
 the benefit is limited to the patient’s core plan lens coverage.
 Note: Contact lens repair or replacement isn’t covered under this plan.
 Frames
 Replacement parts are covered if:
 frame temples, front, and/or hinges are damaged beyond repair;
 the benefit is limited to the patient’s core plan wholesale frame
 allowance.
 Replacement of the complete frame is covered if:
 Inform your patients that they must pay for services and/or materials provided if they:
 Aren’t eligible for the services/materials requested;
 Have Repair/Replace benefits but don’t meet the criteria for repair or replacement services/materials.
 Contact VSP at 800.615.1883 to obtain an authorization for repair/replace benefits.
 frame is damaged beyond repair or the cost of repairing the parts
 exceeds the cost of replacement;
 the benefit will be limited to the patient’s core plan wholesale/retail
 frame allowance
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 ®
 Page 26
 VSP Elements Program
 VSP Elements is a covered-in-full program that supports the pediatric vision essential health benefit under the Affordable Care Act (ACA). Featuring Otis & Piper™ Eyewear, VSP Elements offers a
 covered-in-full annual eye exam and quality eyewear from a collection of frames designed specifically for children.
 VSP Elements can be offered to patients with a Signature, Choice, or Advantage Plan. Only participating Choice Network doctors can provide services to VSP Elements patients with the Choice
 Plan. Only participating Advantage Network doctors can provide services to VSP Elements patients with the Advantage Plan.
 Refer to the Patient Record Report to determine which Plan type the patient has. For Cigna Vision Patients, refer to the Cigna Quick Reference Chart on VSPOnline at eyefinity.com.
 Copays
 Copay information is provided on the Patient Record Report when you obtain an authorization.
 Exam Coverage
 Covered comprehensive eye exams are generally available to patients once every 12 months on a calendar year basis. Other exam frequencies can also be accommodated. Refer to the Patient
 Record Report for specific coverage details.
 Materials Coverage
 VSP Elements coverage is for children typically age 0 to 19 and includes covered prescription lenses and a frame. Covered-in-full frames are available from the Otis & Piper Eyewear Collection.
 Patients can select a non-Otis & Piper frame, but it will not be covered (see Out-of-Kit Frames below). Contact lenses in lieu of eyeglasses are also covered with a minimum three-month’s supply
 for varying modalities (see Contact Lenses below). Please review your patient’s coverage before providing materials.
 Patients are also eligible for savings on additional services and materials (see Value-Added Benefits below).
 Lenses
 Single vision, bifocal, trifocal, or lenticular lenses in polycarbonate, plastic or glass are covered, as well as UV protection and scratch-resistant coatings. You receive a combined $25 lens and
 frame dispensing fee for covered lenses.
 All orders for VSP Elements patients must be fulfilled at VSPOne™ Columbus.
 Note: 
VSP only covers lenses that meet the minimum prescription criteria.
 VSP’s minimum prescription criteria:
 The combined power in any meridian is ±0.50 diopters or greater in at least one eye or one of the following exceptions occurs:
 —Necessary prism of 0.50 diopters or greater in at least one eye
 —Anisometropia is 0.50 diopters or greater in at least one eye
 —Cylinder power is ±0.50 diopters or greater in at least one eye
 Lens Enhancements
 In addition to polycarbonate, UV protection and scratch-resistant coatings, some clients may also cover the following tints. Refer to the Patient Record Report for specific coverage details.
 Photochromic lenses
 Solid and gradient tints
 If the patient chooses a lens enhancement not covered by the plan, charge the patient according to the appropriate Lens Enhancements Charts (Signature, Choice, or Advantage) depending on
 the network selected as indicated on the Patient Record Report.
 Covered Frames
 Frames from the Otis & Piper Eyewear Collection are covered for patients and will be lab supplied through VSPOne Columbus. You will receive a combined $25 lens and frame dispensing fee.
 ®
 To request an Otis & Piper frame kit, contact Altair at 800.505.5557.
 Frame Warranty:
 An unlimited warranty is included with the frame.
 Out-of-Kit Frames
 Elective Frame
 A patient has the option of providing their own frame or purchasing a non-Otis & Piper frame from you at 80% of U&C. If the patient purchases a non-Otis & Piper frame, it would be a private
 transaction and the frame will not be covered by VSP. You’ll still receive a combined $25 dispensing fee for the lens and frame, regardless of the frame brand selected. The benefit for lenses and
 a frame will be exhausted for the patient’s eligibility period. An out-of-kit frame selected due to cosmetic reasons, such as style, color and/or design are not covered and a private transaction at
 80% of U&C.
 Lenses, as outlined in the lens section, will still be covered under VSP Elements.
 Medically Necessary Frame:
 Out-of-kit frames are allowed and covered if medically necessary due to frame material allergies and/or the appropriate eye size is unavailable within the kit selection. For Signature and Choice
 plans, you receive your dispensing for lenses and frame, plus the wholesale cost. Advantage frames are reimbursed up to 55% of your billed amount.
 Use a KX modifier to indicate medical necessity and be sure to complete the frame section and provide your wholesale frame cost. Document the reason for medical necessity in the patient’s
 chart for audit purposes.
 Contact Lenses
 Elective Contact Lenses
 VSP Elements provides coverage for contact lens services and materials in lieu of prescription glasses with a minimum three-month’s supply (limited to two boxes of lenses) for the following
 modalities:
 Standard (one pair annually) – 1 contact lens per eye (total 2 lenses)
Monthly (six-month supply) – 6 lenses per eye (total 12 lenses/2 boxes)
 Bi-weekly (three-month supply) – 6 lenses per eye (total 12 lenses/2 boxes)
 Dailies (three-month supply) – 90 lenses per eye (total 180 lenses/2 boxes)
 To qualify, patients must first be eligible for contact lenses and meet the minimum prescription requirement. Refer to the Patient Record Report for the patient's specific type of coverage. The
 contact lens exam (fitting and evaluation) is covered in full. Providers will be reimbursed 85% of their U&C fees for the contact lens exam, and 100% for materials up to the quantity allowed.
 Standard contact lens coverage exclusions apply, including corneal refractive therapy, orthokeratology, contact lenses for myopia management, plano, and replacement of lost or damaged
 lenses.
 When submitting a paper claim, please indicate the contact lens modality and number of boxes in Box 19 on the CMS-1500 claim form.
 *Washington State Requirement
 Washington state regulation (WAC 284-43-5782) requires pediatric vision services to cover a calendar year’s equivalent of contact lenses for any modality dispensed. To maximize your patient’s
 benefit, dispensing an annual supply of contact lenses at one time is required. Refer to the Contact Lens Benefits section in the VSP Manual for more information on Covered Contact Lenses.
 Note: 
Contact lens exam services are also known as the contact lens fitting and evaluation, or F&E. These services are separate from the WellVision Exam and should be dispensed only to patients who
 wear or want to wear contact lenses and specifically request a contact lens exam.
 Visually Necessary Contact Lenses
 We’ll cover contacts in full for patients meeting the established necessary contact lens benefit criteria if those patients are eligible for materials on the date of service. Refer to the Visually
 Necessary Contact Lenses section in the VSP Manual for more information.
 Don’t balance bill your patient. Apply material (spectacle lenses and frame) copays for necessary contact lenses, unless otherwise specified.
 Visually necessary contact lenses aren’t typically covered for patients who’ve received any elective cosmetic surgery, such as LASIK, PRK, or RK.
 Note: 
For Visually Necessary Contact Lenses and Covered Contact Lenses, VSP will only cover an annual supply of materials based on the manufacturer’s replacement schedule.
 Use of private labs or In-Office Finishing equipment is not permitted for VSP Elements patients. All orders must be submitted to VSPOne Columbus, regardless of frame brand selected.
 Some VSP Elements clients provide this coverage. Low vision evaluations and aids are covered for eligible enrollees. Pre-service verification is required. Submit a Low Vision Verification Form.
 A low vision evaluation is covered for members who present with moderate, severe, or profound visual impairment. A low vision evaluation includes, but is not limited to, a detailed case history,
 effectiveness of any low vision aids in use, visual acuity in each eye with best spectacle correction, steadiness of fixation, assessment of aids required for distance vision and near vision,
 evaluation of any supplemental aids, evaluation of therapeutic filters, development of treatment, counseling of patient, and advice to patient’s family (if appropriate).
 Note: 
The diagnosis code describes the level of visual impairment in each eye. The AMA defines the level of visual impairment using best corrected visual acuity (BCVA) and/or visual field limitation. For
 example, severe visual impairment ranges are BCVA from 20/200 to 20/400, or visual field of 20 degrees or less, whichever is worse. Profound visual impairment ranges are BCVA 20/500 to
 20/1000, or visual field of 10 degrees or less. VSP follows these guidelines for low vision coverage.
 Low Vision Evaluation and Aids Coverage
 We’ll cover an annual low vision evaluation and aids if your patient’s best corrected visual acuity is 20/70 or worse in at least one eye, or if there is a visual field of 20 degrees or less, or a
 hemianopsia. The request and claim should contain the correct low vision diagnosis code(s).
 Don’t use the low vision coverage to provide conventional glasses or additional contact lenses. Lenses must be either specialty low vision lenses, or glasses specifically designed for use in
 conjunction with low vision aids. VSP’s minimum prescription requirements apply. Please include a manufacturer’s invoice when submitting a Low Vision Verification Form.
 Eligibility & Authorization
 If your patient meets the benefit criteria above and is eligible for low vision services, obtain a case number. To get one, complete a Low Vision Verification Form. A copy of the invoice or catalog
 page is needed for each low vision aid requested. Fax the form to 916.851.4733. Or mail this form to: VSP, PO Box 997100, Sacramento, CA 95899.
 Low Vision Exam Coverage
 Coverage includes an annual low vision evaluation. There’s no copay.
 Low Vision Materials Coverage
 Coverage includes all appropriate low vision aids, including prescription services and optical/non-optical aids.
 Submitting Claims/Billing & Reimbursement
 Submit low vision claims using our electronic claims submission system. You’ll need an authorization number, which can be found on the Benefit Authorization notice. Indicate the case number
 in Box 23 located on the Diagnosis and Services screen.
 For proper payment, bill all covered services with the appropriate CPT or HCPCS codes from this list.
 Important!
 Bill with the appropriate diagnosis codes and modifier KX. Visual necessity must be documented in the patient’s file.
Low Vision Evaluation
 92499
 Unlisted ophthalmological service or procedure
 Fitting of Low Vision Aids (not reimbursed separately; payment is bundled with aids)
 92354
 92355
 Low Vision Aids
 V2600
 V2610
 V2615
 Note: 
Fitting of spectacle mounted low vision aid; single element system
 Fitting of spectacle mounted low vision aid; telescopic or other compound lens system
 Hand held low vision aids and other non-spectacle mounted aids
 Single lens spectacle mounted low vision aids
 Telescopic and other compound lens systems, including distance vision, telescopic
 Low vision claims must be submitted on a separate claim from routine vision. CPT and HCPCS codes are not selectable from the drop-down box and must be manually entered.
 The following are considered a private transaction between you and your patient. Your patient is fully responsible for the payment.
 Exam Services
 Deduct 20% on additional eye exams, including if only a refraction is performed.
 Materials
 Charge 80% of U&C for additional materials when complete pairs of prescription glasses and non-prescription sunglasses or blue light filtering glasses, are dispensed within 12 months of the
 exam. The benefit:
 is based on your total U&C fee.
 is unlimited for 12 months on or following the date of the last covered eye exam.
 is available through any VSP doctor. Use professional judgment when evaluating prescriptions from another provider. You may request an additional exam at a 80% of your U&C fee.
 applies to prescription and non-prescription lenses.
 doesn’t apply to cleaning products or repairs of prescription lenses or frames.
 Contact Lens Service Benefit
 Charge 85% of U&C on all elective, and replacement contact lens services. The benefit:
 is subtracted from your U&C fee for evaluation/fitting services;
 is unlimited for 12 months on or following the date of the covered eye exam;
 is available only through a VSP Network Doctor. Use professional judgment when evaluating prescriptions from another provider. You may request an additional exam at 80% of your U&C fee;
 does not apply to materials, solutions, cleanings, and service agreements.
 SM
 VSP Laser VisionCare Program
 Members receive a complimentary screening as well as preoperative and postoperative services through participating VSP doctors.
 The program includes access to either Photorefractive Keratectomy (PRK) or Laser In-Situ Keratomileusis (LASIK) at a reduced cost, up to a maximum fee to the patient of $1,500 per eye for
 PRK, $1,800 per eye for LASIK, and $2,300 per eye for Custom LASIK with wavefront technology using microkeratome, Custom PRK or Bladeless LASIK.
 If the laser center is offering a temporary price reduction, VSP members will receive 5% off the advertised price if it is less than the usual discount price.
 Please see the Laser VisionCare program page on VSPOnline for information on how to participate or for a list of participating facilities.
 Charge sales tax to your patients, as you normally would, based on your state’s sales tax laws and regulations. Refer to Sales Tax under Dispensing and Patient Options on VSPOnline for more
 information.
 Coordination of Benefits is not allowed when VSP Elements is the secondary benefit.
 For some VSP Elements patients, authorizations will expire on the last day of the month in which they are issued. You’ll receive an “Invalid Authorization” error message in eClaim if you submit a
 claim for a date of service not within the effective dates. If this happens, obtain a new authorization valid for the date of service and resubmit.
 VSP Elements claims for exam, lenses and frames may be submitted through a Practice Management Software System. Claims for contact lens materials may NOT be submitted through a
 Practice Management Software system, at this time, even if integrated with Eyefinity because they will not process for correct payment. To ensure proper payment, submit contact lens claims
 directly through eClaim on Eyefinity or on paper. Contact Eyefinity for questions at 800.942.5353.
 Orders should be returned to VSPOne Columbus. Contact the lab at 800.251.5150 for additional information.
 If you need to return a defective Otis & Piper frame, contact the lab for return instructions. If a patient wants to change a frame, the lab will do a one-time redo at no charge.
 Redos due to lab error
 Within 60 days, redos will be expedited and redone at no cost. Call VSPOne Columbus at 800.251.5150 with any questions.
 Redos due to doctor or staff error
 You’ll be charged $10 for redos due to doctor or staff error within 60 days. Do not charge the patient for the redo. Call VSPOne Columbus for complete details.
 Redos due to prescription changes
 Lens redos due to prescription changes within 60 days are a private transaction between your practice, the patient, and the lab. VSPOne Columbus will complete a redo for $10 or you may use
 another lab of your choice on a private basis.
 Do not send the order back to the lab. Lab will redo lenses and send them to you so you can replace old lenses.
 See Services Subject to Review/Audit for information regarding material record keeping requirements.
Page 27
 Retinal Screening
 Retinal screening is a separate service from a patient’s WellVision Exam .
 Retinal screening is not required by medical necessity.
 Retinal screening can be incorporated as part of a patient’s overall wellness care to check for disease(s) that may otherwise go undetected.
 Patients should be informed prior to services performed of any out-of-pocket cost.
 Patients have the right to decline retinal screening services.
 Retinal screening only pertains to routine, retinal fundus imaging. Scanning laser procedure such as optical coherence tomography (OCT), Heidelberg Retinal Tomography (HRT), and GDx are
 excluded.
 
 
 Bill CPT code 92250 with modifier 52 to report retinal screening. Modifier 52 signifies that the service is reduced. This provides a means of reporting a reduced service without disturbing the
 identification of the basic service.
 Bill CPT code 92250 (without modifier 52) to report fundus photography with interpretation and report.
 What is Retinal Screening?
 Retinal screening are retinal fundus image(s) acquired by a retinal imaging device, that are used as baseline documentation of a healthy eye or to screen for potential disease(s). These images
 are reviewed by a Doctor of Optometry for the detection of diseases that manifest in the posterior segment of the eye.
 ®
 Please use your best clinical judgment to determine if this service is appropriate for your patient.
 Important!
 Retinal screening does not replace pupil dilation.
 VSP offers different coverage options related to retinal screening. The table below provides a summary of the services.
 Description Billed to VSP Reimbursement Billing Notes
 1 Routine Retinal Screening
 (Value-Added Feature)
 No N/A – Private Transaction up to
 $39
 2 Routine Retinal Screening Covered Benefit
 (Enhanced Covered in Full or Set Copay)
 Yes – Wellvision authorization Up to $39 less any applicable
 patient copay
 CPT Code with modifier/52
 3 Fundus Photography with Interpretation and
 Report
 Yes – Essential Medical Eye
 Care authorization
 VSP Allowable CPT Code 92250 no modifier required.
 Can be billed same day as the routine WellVision exam with a
 separate Essential Medical Eye Care authorization
 4 Diabetic Retinal Screening
 (Covered in full for members with diabetes that
 show no diabetic eye disease)
 Yes – Essential Medical Eye
 Care authorization
 DEP+ Program authorization
 Up to $39 CPT Code with modifier/52
 Retinal screening and fundus photography are two separate services that share the same CPT code, 92250.
 For a summary of how to bill retinal screening to VSP please download this one-page billing guide.
 Routine retinal screening is offered as standard coverage on VSP Signature Plan , VSP Choice Plan , VSP Advantage and Enhanced Advantage Plan as a value-added feature to complement the
 WellVision Exam benefit.
 ® ® ®
 ®
 Eligibility
 Retinal screening is an enhancement to a patient’s WellVision Exam; therefore, patients are typically eligible every 12 months. However, there are no restrictions to the number of procedures
 performed each year.
 Charging the Patient
 Charge the patient $39 or your U&C fee (whichever is lower) for each routine retinal screening.
 Submitting Claims and Reimbursement
 For the value-added feature, you do not need to submit a claim. This charge is considered a private transaction between you and the patient. Be sure to check for retinal screening coverage
 before your patient pays out-of-pocket. Bill the WellVision Exam and any materials as you normally would.
 Covered in full or with a set copay, routine retinal screening is offered to VSP clients for purchase as an optional benefit enhancement to the WellVision Exam under VSP Signature Plan , VSP
 Choice Plan , VSP Advantage Plan , and Enhanced Advantage Plans.
 ®
 ® ®
 Eligibility
 Please refer to the Patient Record Report for eligibility. Retinal screening is an enhancement to a WellVision Exam; therefore, patients are typically eligible every 12 months.
 Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
Charging the Patient
 Please refer to the Patient Record Report for coverage amount and/or applicable copays.
 Submitting Claims
 Covered routine retinal screening must be billed with a patient’s WellVision Exam.
 When submitting claims for routine retinal screening, use CPT code 92250 with modifier 52.
 Reimbursement
 For eligible routine retinal screening covered benefit claims, you’ll be reimbursed up to $39 or your U&C fees (whichever is lower) less any applicable patient copay.
 If retinal screening reveals disease(s) or abnormalities, the image(s) can be billed as fundus photography with interpretation and report with appropriate documentation requirements.
 Eligibility*
 Please refer to the Patient Record Report for Essential Medical Eye Care eligibility and coverage.
 Charging the Patient
 When a patient has Essential Medical Eye Care and a valid medical diagnosis, there is no copay and the fundus photography service is covered-in full.
 Submitting Claims
 Fundus photography with interpretation and report can be billed on the same day as the WellVision Exam for eligible patients. This service is covered under VSP’s supplemental medical eye care
 plans and must be billed with Essential Medical Eye Care authorization.
 When submitting claims for fundus photography, use CPT code 92250 and a valid ICD-10-CM diagnosis code that best describes the patient's condition for which the service was performed. No
 Modifier is required.
 Detailed information about payable diagnosis codes and documentation requirements are available in the Essential Medical Eye Care Provider Reference Manual sections.
 Reimbursement
 For eligible claims, you’ll be reimbursed 80% of your U&C fee, up to the Essential Medical Eye Care maximum allowables.
 Covered-in-full retinal screening (use CPT code 92250 and modifier 52) is available to patients who have diabetes but don’t show signs of diabetic eye disease.
 For full coverage details, please refer to the Essential Medical Eye Care or Diabetic Eyecare Plus Program Manual.
 In addition to the digital image(s) the medical record should contain:
 The patient’s name and date of the test,
 Interpretation and report, and
 The signature of the physician
 Appropriate documentation includes interpretation of the test results and a notation of the findings and assessment. When the results do not identify pathology or abnormalities, it is sufficient
 to document “normal fundus” (Z13.5 – Encounter for screening for eye and ear disorders).
 Note:
 Interpretation and report is required for all retinal screening images.
 If pathology is identified, the image(s) can be billed as fundus photography with interpretation and report with appropriate documentation requirements. Documentation should include, but is
 not limited to, relevant medical history, physical examination, findings and/or diagnosis, and treatment plan recommendations.
 Fundus photography with interpretation and report is covered under VSP’s supplemental medical eye care plans and can be billed with an Essential Medical Eye Care or Diabetic Eyecare Plus
 authorization.
 Detailed information about payable diagnosis codes is listed in the Essential Medical Eye Care and Diabetic Eyecare Plus Program Provider Reference Manual sections.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 28
 Essential Medical Eye Care
 Essential Medical Eye Care provides supplemental medical eye care coverage. The patient’s medical insurance plan should be billed as the primary payer when you are contracted with the
 medical insurance plan’s network. Please refer to coordination of benefits in this section for more information.
 Essential Medical Eye Care covers the detection, treatment, and management of ocular and/or systemic conditions that produce ocular or visual symptoms.
 Examples of conditions that may be covered under the Essential Medical Eye Care include, but aren’t limited to:
 Conditions:
 Age-related macular degeneration (AMD) Glaucoma and cataracts
 Conjunctivitis Ocular discomfort and pain
 Diabetic eye disease Ocular surface disease
 Foreign body and abrasions Recent onset of flashes, floaters, and visual field loss
 The following services are not covered under Essential Medical Eye Care:
 General anesthesia surgical procedures.
 Preoperative and postoperative surgical procedures, cataract extractions, or retinal surgery.
 Refractive surgery. Services provided for refractive diagnoses may be covered under your patient’s routine benefit.
 Prescription medication or supplies of any type.
 Eyeglasses or contact lenses.
 Copays, if required, apply to medical eye exams only (92002-92014, 99202-99205, 99211-99215, 99421-99423). Copays do not apply to non-exam services (e.g., diagnostic testing including fundus
 photography and optical coherence tomography).
 Check the VSP Patient Record Report to confirm Essential Medical Eye Care coverage. Patients choosing non-covered medical services should be informed of any out-of-pocket cost and asked to
 sign the Patient Responsibility Statement prior to receiving services. You can find the form under the Forms section of the Administration menu on VSPOnline on eyefinity.com.
 Coding and Billing Documentation Standards
 Providers are responsible for accurate documentation and claim submission of services performed. Claims should be coded appropriately according to industry standard coding guidelines
 including, but not limited to American Medical Association (AMA), Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS), Current Procedural Terminology (CPT ), Healthcare Common Procedure
 Coding System (HCPCS), International Classification of Diseases (ICD-10 CM), and National Correct Coding Initiative (NCCI).
 ®
 Claim submissions are subject to review including but not limited to, terms of benefit coverage, provider contract language, scope of licensure, coding policies, clinical payment guidelines, and
 coding software logic. All information required to support the services and medical necessity submitted on the claim is expected to be in the patient’s medical record and be available for review.
 VSP audits patient medical records according to the Clinical Practice Guidelines of the American Optometric Association (AOA) and the Preferred Practice Pattern Guidelines of the American
 Academy of Ophthalmology (AAO).
 Diagnosis Requirements
 ®
 Diagnosis codes submitted for VSP claims must align with the assessment and plan documented in the patient record. This should be in accordance with the Clinical Practice Guidelines from the
 American Optometric Association (AOA) and the Preferred Practice Pattern guidelines established by the American Academy of Ophthalmology (AAO). 
VSP specifically (or only) notes services that have restricted diagnosis requirements.
 Reminders:
 Essential Medical Eye Care services must be submitted on a separate authorization from routine vision claims.
 Report only those services appropriate for your licensure and your state’s current regulations.
 Code to the highest degree of specificity when indicating diagnosis.
 Standard timely filing guidelines apply.
 Note: 
VSP recognizes but does not currently support Place of Service (POS) code 02 for reporting telehealth services rendered from a distant site except when submitted on paper as a secondary for
 coordination of benefits. Additionally, VSP recognizes but does not currently support POS code 10 for reporting telehealth services provided in patient’s home.
 Modifiers GQ or 95 are used to identify telemedicine services, as appropriate. Modifiers are used for information purposes only.
 For information about the Interpretation and Report requirement for medical procedures, refer to Guidelines for the Interpretation and Report of Diagnostic Procedures.
 Essential Medical Eye Care Reimbursement
 Medical eye exams (CPT codes 920XX and 99202-99215) are reimbursed according to VSP Signature Plan payables, as reported on your practice’s Assigned Fee Report.
 To access the Assigned Fee Report for your practice, visit VSPOnline at eyefinity.com and click the View Fees link under Practice/Doctor Updates in the Administration area.
 Additional covered services are reimbursed at 80% of your usual and customary (U&C) fee, up to the Essential Medical Eye Care maximum allowable.
 VSP’s non-exam Essential Medical Eye Care services approximate the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) Medicare Physician Fee Schedule amounts.
 Medicaid Essential Medical Eye Care Reimbursement
 Reimbursement for approved Medicaid procedures will be 80% of your U&C fee or your state's VSP Medicaid fee schedule, whichever is lower.
 VSP’s non-exam Essential Medical Eye Care services approximate your state’s Medicaid fee schedule amounts.
 Pricing Rules for Surgical Procedures (see Surgical Services section below)
 When two or more covered surgical procedures are performed during the same operative session, multiple surgery reductions apply.
 100% of the allowance for the most expensive surgical procedure or 80% of the billed; whichever is less.
 50% of the allowance for the remaining surgical procedures or 80% of the billed; whichever is less.
 Only one exam or office visit is payable per date of service, including any combination of VSP plans or benefits. Reimbursements aren’t available when multiple exams or office visits are
 submitted for the same dates of service, including the following in any combination:
Intermediate or comprehensive routine exam
 Ophthalmological exam for medical related eye care
 Evaluation and management office visit
 Exam or evaluation and management service performed via telemedicine
 Coordination of benefits (COB) applies to the payment of medical eye care benefits when a member is covered under two or more benefit plans. If a member has medical benefits under a
 medical health insurance plan that you’re contracted with, that plan is primary and VSP is secondary. In the event VSP is the secondary payer, VSP may be billed for the member’s out-of-pocket
 expenses. Examples are copayments, deductibles, charges for noncovered services, or charges for services not covered in full by the primary carrier. Providers are responsible for verifying
 coverage, as well as billing the other carrier(s).
 See Coordination of Benefits section for more information about how to coordinate benefits.
 If your patient needs more treatment than you’re licensed for, or if your patient needs treatment for services not covered under Essential Medical Eye Care, refer the patient to their primary care
 physician or a specialist in their medical insurance plan’s network.
 When making referrals, use the following guidelines and those listed under Patient Referrals in Levels of Service section of Eye Exams:
 Follow all referral protocols set by your patient’s health plan. Typically, an HMO requires that patient referrals be coordinated by the primary care physician (PCP). However, a PPO allows
 patients to receive care from any medical provider without a PCP referral.
 Provide your findings, in writing, to the doctor you’re referring the patient to.
 Forward your diagnostic findings, treatment plan, and follow-up results to your patient’s primary care physician. To help you coordinate care for patients with diabetes, we provide the optional
 Primary Care Physician Communication Form, available in the Forms section of the Administration menu on VSPOnline at eyefinity.com and in eClaim. This easy-to-use form is a convenient
 way to help manage eye health for patients with diabetes and underscores the importance of regular eye exams.
 Instructions for the administration of specific-client plans are outlined in Client Details. Please check client details before providing services to covered patients.
 The Essential Medical Eye Care Core Benefits List describes all services covered under the Essential Medical Eye Care plan. Covered services are subject to change at VSP's discretion. Some
 services are limited to certain conditions/diagnosis codes and have frequency limitations. The established frequencies should accommodate the required quality care needs of most patients. 
Exams and Office Visits
 Comprehensive eye exams are covered once per 12-month period. Additional comprehensive eye exams are reimbursed at the intermediate level.
 Description
 Code
 92002 Ophthalmological services: medical examination and evaluation with initiation of diagnostic and treatment program; intermediate, new patient
 92004 Ophthalmological services: medical examination and evaluation with initiation of diagnostic and treatment program; comprehensive, new patient, 1 or more visits
 92012 Ophthalmological services: medical examination and evaluation, with initiation or continuation of diagnostic and treatment program; intermediate, established patient
 92014 Ophthalmological services: medical examination and evaluation, with initiation or continuation of diagnostic and treatment program; comprehensive, established patient, 1 or more
 visits.
 Modifier 95 or GQ is used to designate telemedicine for eligible E/M services (99202 - 99215)
 E&M services (99202-99215) Comprehensive eye exams are covered once per 12-month peroid. Additional Comprehensive eye exams are reimbursed at the intermediate level. 
Code Description
 99202
 Intermediate
 Office or other outpatient for the evaluation and management of a new patient, which requires a medically appropriate history and/or examination and straightforward
 medical decision making. When using total time on the date of the encounter for code selection, 15 minutes must be met or exceeded.
 99203
 Intermediate
 Office or other outpatient for the evaluation and management of a new patient, which requires a medically appropriate history and/or examination and low level of
 medical decision making. When using total time on the date of the encounter for code selection, 30 minutes must be met or exceeded.
 99204
 Comprehensive
 Office or other outpatient visit for the evaluation and management of a new patient, which requires a medically appropriate history and/or examination and moderate
 level of medical decision making. When using total time on the date of the encounter for code selection, 45 minutes must be met or exceeded.
 99205
 Comprehensive 
Office or other outpatient visit for the evaluation and management of a new patient, which requires a medically appropriate history and/or examination and high level
 of medical decision making. When using total time on the date of the encounter for code selection, 60 minutes must be met or exceeded.
 99211
 Intermediate
 Office or other outpatient visit for the evaluation and management of an established patient, that may not require the presence of a physician or other qualified health
 care professional.
 99212
 Intermediate
 Office or other outpatient visit for the evaluation and management of an established patient, which requires a medically appropriate history and/or examination and
 straightforward medical decision making. When using total time on the date of the encounter for code selection, 10 minutes must be met or exceeded.
 99213
 Intermediate
 Office or other outpatient visit for the evaluation and management of an established patient, which requires a medically appropriate history and/or examination and
 straightforward medical decision making. When using total time on the date of the encounter for code selection, 20 minutes must be met or exceeded.
 99214
 Intermediate
 Office or other outpatient visit for the evaluation and management of an established patient, which requires a medically appropriate history and/or examination and
 moderate level of medical decision making. When using total time on the date of the encounter for code selection, 30 minutes must be met or exceeded.
 99215
 Comprehensive
 Office or other outpatient visit for the evaluation and management of an established patient, which requires a medically appropriate history and/or examination and
 high level of medical decision making. When using total time on the date of the encounter for code selection, 40 minutes must be met or exceeded.
 99242 Office or other outpatient consultation for a new or established patient, which requires a medically appropriate history and/or examination and straightforward medical
 decision making. When using total time on the date of the encounter for code selection, 20 minutes must be met or exceeded.
 99243 Office or other outpatient consultation for a new or established patient, which requires a medically appropriate history and/or examination and low level of medical
 decision making. When using total time on the date of the encounter for code selection, 30 minutes must be met or exceeded.
 99244 Office or other outpatient consultation for a new or established patient, which requires a medically appropriate history and/or examination and moderate level of
 medical decision making. When using total time on the date of the encounter for code selection, 40 minutes must be met or exceeded.
 99245 Office or other outpatient consultation for a new or established patient, which requires a medically appropriate history and/or examination and high level of medical
 decision making. When using total time on the date of the encounter for code selection, 55 minutes must be met or exceeded.
 
For additional information on billing evaluation and management services, please use the following AMA resource guides:
 CPT Evaluation and Management (E/M) Code and Guideline Changes ®
 CPT Evaluation and Management (E/M) Office Revisions Level of Medical Decision Making (MDM) ®
Code Description
 76510 Ophthalmic ultrasound, diagnostic; B-scan and quantitative A-scan performed during the same patient encounter
 Provide location modifier RT or LT.
 76511 Ophthalmic ultrasound, diagnostic; quantitative A-scan only
 Provide location modifier RT or LT.
 76512 Ophthalmic ultrasound, diagnostic; B-scan (with or without superimposed non-quantitative A-scan)
 Provide location modifier RT or LT.
 76513 Ophthalmic ultrasound, diagnostic; anterior segment ultrasound, immersion (water bath) B-scan or high resolution biomicroscopy, unilateral or bilateralProvide location
 modifier RT or LT.
 76514 Corneal pachymetry
 Allowable once per lifetime per patient.
 Allowable twice per lifetime with the following diagnoses:
 Z98.83 Filtering (vitreous) bleb after glaucoma surgery status
 Allowable once per 12-month period for the following diagnoses:
 H18.601- H18.603 Keratoconus, unspecified
 H18.611- H18.613 Keratoconus, stable
 H18.621 – H18.623 Keratoconus, unstable
 76516 Ophthalmic biometry by ultrasound echography, A-scan
 76519 Ophthalmic biometry by ultrasound echography, A-scan, with intraocular lens power calculation
 Provide location modifier RT or LT.
 76529 Ophthalmic ultrasonic foreign body localization
 Provide location modifier RT or LT.
 92020 Gonioscopy (separate procedure)
 Allowable once per 12-month period when visual necessity is established.
 Allowable twice per 12-month period for patients with the following diagnoses:
 E08.311 - E13.3599 Diabetes mellitus with diabetic retinopathy
 H34.00 - H34.9 Retinal Vascular Occlusion
 H40.001 - H40.063 Glaucoma Suspect
 H40.10X0 - H40.1194 Primary open-angle glaucoma
 H40.20X0 - H40.243 Primary Angle-closure Glaucoma
 H40.61X0 - H40.63X4 Glaucoma Secondary to Drugs
 Q15.0 Congenital Glaucoma
 92025 Computerized corneal topography with interpretation and report
 Allowable once per 12-month period for the following diagnoses:
 H11.001 - H11.063 Pterygium
 H52.211 - H52.213 Irregular astigmatism
 Q13.4 Congenital anomalies of corneal size and shape
 Allowable twice per 12-month period for the following diagnoses:
 H16.001 - H16.073 Corneal ulcer
 H17.00 - H17.9 Corneal scars and opacities
 H18.11 - H18.13 Bullous keratopathy
 H18.20 Unspecified corneal edema
 H18.221 - H18.223 Other corneal edema
 H18.40 Corneal degeneration, unspecified
 H18.451 - H18.453 Nodular degeneration of cornea
 H18.461 - H18.463 Peripheral degenerations of cornea
 H18.49 Other corneal degenerations
 H18.501 - H18.599 Corneal dystrophies
 H18.601 - H18.623 Keratoconus
 H18.70 - H18.793 Other corneal deformities
 H18.831 - H18.833 Recurrent erosion of cornea
 T26.11XA - T26.12XS Burn of cornea and conjunctival sac
 T26.61XA - T26.62XS Corrosion of cornea and conjunctival sac
 Z94.7 Corneal transplant status
 92060 Sensorimotor examination with multiple measurements of ocular deviation (e.g., restrictive or paretic muscle with diplopia) with interpretation and report (separate procedure)
Code Description
 92071 Fitting of contact lens for treatment of ocular surface disease
 Allowable diagnosis codes:
 H16.101 - H16.103 Unspecified superficial keratitis
 H16.141 - H16.143 Punctate keratitis
 H16.9 Unspecified keratitis
 H18.11 - H18.13 Bullous keratopathy
 H18.511 - H18.519 Endothelial corneal dystrophy
 H18.541 - H18.549 Lattice corneal dystrophy
 H18.591 - H18.599 Other hereditary corneal dystrophies
 H18.831 - H18.833 Recurrent erosion cornea
 H18.821 - H18.823 Corneal disorder due to contact lens
 H18.451 - H18.453 Nodular corneal degeneration
 S05.00XA - S05.02XS Injury of conjunctiva and corneal abrasion without foreign body
 T15.00XA - T15.02XS Foreign body in cornea
 T85.318A - T85.318S Breakdown (mechanical) of other ocular prosthetic devices, implants and grafts
 T85.328A - T85.328S Displacement of other ocular prosthetic devices, implants and grafts
 T85.398A - T85.398S Other mechanical complication of other ocular prosthetic devices, implants and grafts
 T86.8401 – T86.8409 Corneal transplant rejection
 T86.8411 – T86.8419 Corneal transplant failure
 Z94.7 Corneal transplant status
 Provide location modifier RT or LT.
 99070 Supplies are materials (except spectacles). Use for bandage contact lens only. Bill with 92071 only.
 Provide location modifier RT or LT.
 92081
92083
 Visual field exam, unilateral or bilateral, with interpretation and report
 Allowable twice per 12-month period when visual necessity is established.
 Bill with an appropriate medical diagnosis code.
 92100 Serial tonometry with multiple measurements of intraocular pressure over an extended interval of time with interpretation and report, same day. See Special Handling
 Procedures for more information.
 92132 Computerized ophthalmic diagnostic imaging (eg, optical coherence tomography [OCT] ), anterior segment, with interpretation and report, unilateral or bilateral.
 Allowable up to two times per 12-month period for the following diagnoses:
 H17.01 - H17.03 Adherent leukoma
 H17.11 - H17.13 Central corneal opacity
 H17.811 - H17.813 Minor opacity of cornea
 H17.821 - H17.823 Peripheral opacity of cornea
 H17.89 Other corneal scars and opacities
 H17.9 Unspecified corneal scar and opacity
 H18.11 - H18.13 Bullous keratopathy
 H18.20 Unspecified corneal edema
 H18.211 - H18.213 Corneal edema secondary to contact lens
 H18.221 - H18.223 Idiopathic corneal edema
 H18.231 - H18.233 Secondary corneal edema
 H21.89 Other specified disorders of iris and ciliary body
 H22 Disorders of iris and ciliary body in diseases classified elsewhere
 H40.1210 - H40.1294 Low-tension glaucoma
 H40.1310 - H40.1394 Pigmentary glaucoma
 H40.1410 - H40.1494 Capsular glaucoma with pseudoexfoliation of lens
 H40.20X0 - H40.20X4 Unspecified primary angle-closure glaucoma
 H40.211 - H40.213 Acute angle-closure glaucoma
 H40.2210 - H40.2294 Chronic angle-closure glaucoma
 H40.231 - H40.233 Intermittent angle-closure glaucoma
 H40.241 - H40.243 Residual stage of angle-closure glaucoma
 H40.30X0 - H40.33X4 Glaucoma secondary to eye trauma
 H40.40X0 - H40.43X4 Glaucoma secondary to eye inflammation
 H40.50X0 - H40.53X4 Glaucoma secondary to other eye disorders
 H40.60X0 - H40.63X4 Glaucoma secondary to drugs
 H40.811 - H40.813 Glaucoma with increased episcleral venous pressure
 H40.821 - H40.823 Hypersecretion glaucoma
 H40.831 - H40.833 Aqueous misdirection
 H40.89 Other specified glaucoma
 H42 Glaucoma in diseases classified elsewhere
Code Description
 92133 Computerized ophthalmic diagnostic imaging (eg, optical coherence tomography [OCT] ), posterior segment, with interpretation and report, unilateral or bilateral; optic nerve.
 Allowable once per 12-month period for the following diagnoses:
 E08.311 Diabetes mellitus due to underlying condition with unspecified diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E08.319 Diabetes mellitus due to underlying condition with unspecified diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E08.3211 – E08.3399 Diabetes mellitus due to underlying condition with diabetic retinopathy
 E09.3211 – E09.3399 Drug or chemical induced diabetes mellitus with diabetic retinopathy
 E10.311 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with unspecified diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E10.319 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with unspecified diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E10.3211 - E10.3219 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with mild nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E10.3291 - E10.3299 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with mild nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E10.3311 - E10.3319 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with moderate nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E10.3391 - E10.3399 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with moderate nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E11.311 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with unspecified diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E11.319 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with unspecified diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E11.3211 - E11.3219 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with mild nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E11.3291 - E11.3299 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with mild nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E11.3311 - E11.3319 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with moderate nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E11.3391 - E11.3399 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with moderate nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E13.311 Other specified diabetes mellitus with unspecified diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E13.319 Other specified diabetes mellitus with unspecified diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E13.3211 - E13.3219 Other specified diabetes mellitus with mild nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E13.3291 - E13.3299 Other specified diabetes mellitus with mild nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E13.3311 - E13.3319 Other specified diabetes mellitus with moderate nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E13.3391 - E13.3399 Other specified diabetes mellitus with moderate nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 H31.101 - H31.103 Choroidal degeneration
 H31.111 - H31.113 Age-related choroidal atrophy
 H31.121 - H31.123 Diffuse secondary atrophy of choroid
 H33.331 - H33.333 Multiple defects of retina without detachment
 H35.00 Unspecified background retinopathy
 H35.40 - H35.469 Peripheral retinal degeneration
 H35.50 Unspecified hereditary retinal dystrophy
 H35.51 Vitreoretinal dystrophy
 H35.52 Pigmentary retinal dystrophy
 H35.53 Other dystrophies primarily involving the sensory retina
 H35.54 Dystrophies primarily involving the retinal pigment epithelium
 H35.361 - H35.363 Drusen (degenerative) of macula
 H36 Retinal disorders in diseases classified elsewhere
 H46.01 - H46.03 Optic papillitis
 H46.11 - H46.13 Retrobulbar neuritis
 H46.2 Nutritional optic neuropathy
 H46.3 Toxic optic neuropathy
 H46.8 Other optic neuritis
 H46.9 Unspecified optic neuritis
 H47.011 - H47.013 Ischemic optic neuropathy
 H47.021 - H47.023 Hemorrhage in optic nerve sheath
 H47.031 - H47.033 Optic nerve hypoplasia
 H47.091 - H47.093 Other disorders of optic nerve, not elsewhere classified
 H47.10 - H47.13 Papilledema
 H47.141 - H47.143 Foster-Kennedy syndrome
 H47.20 - H47.299 Optic atrophy
 H47.311 - H47.313 Coloboma of optic disc
 H47.321 - H47.323 Drusen of optic disc
 H47.331 - H47.333 Pseudopapilledema of optic disc
 H47.391 - H47.393 Other disorders of optic disc
 H47.41 - H47.49 Disorders of optic chiasm
 H47.511 - H47.539 Disorders of visual pathways
 H47.611 - H47.619 Cortical blindness
 H47.621 - H47.649 Disorders of visual cortex
 H47.9 Unspecified disorder of visual pathways
 H53.40 - H53.489 Visual field defects
 Q15.0 Congenital glaucoma
 Allowable twice per 12-month period for the following diagnoses:
 D31.30 Benign neoplasm of unspecified choroid
 D31.31 Benign neoplasm of right choroid
 D31.32 Benign neoplasm of left choroid
 E08.3411 - E08.3599 Diabetes mellitus due to underlying condition with diabetic retinopathy
 E09.3411 - E09.3599 Drug or chemical induced diabetes mellitus with diabetic retinopathy
 E10.3411 - E10.3419 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with severe nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E10.3491 - E10.3499 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with severe nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E10.3511 - E10.3519 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E10.3521 - E10.3529 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with traction retinal detachment involving the macula
 E10.3531 - E10.3539 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with traction retinal detachment not involving the macula
 E10.3541 - E10.3549 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with combined traction retinal detachment and rhegmatogenous retinal detachment
 E10.3551 - E10.3559 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with stable proliferative diabetic retinopathy
Code Description
 E10.3591 - E10.3599 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E11.3411 - E11.3419 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with severe nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E11.3491 - E11.3499 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with severe nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E11.3511 - E11.3519 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema, unspecified eye
 E11.3521 - E11.3529 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with traction retinal detachment involving the macula
 E11.3531 - E11.3539 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with traction retinal detachment not involving the macula
 E11.3541 - E11.3549 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with combined traction retinal detachment and rhegmatogenous retinal detachment
 E11.3551 - E11.3559 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with stable proliferative diabetic retinopathy
 E11.3591 - E11.3599 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E13.3411 - E13.3419 Other specified diabetes mellitus with severe nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E13.3491 - E13.3499 Other specified diabetes mellitus with severe nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E13.3511 - E13.3519 Other specified diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E13.3521 - E13.3529 Other specified diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with traction retinal detachment involving the macula
 E13.3531 - E13.3539 Other specified diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with traction retinal detachment not involving the macula
 E13.3541 - E13.3549 Other specified diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with combined traction retinal detachment and rhegmatogenous retinal
 detachment
 E13.3551 - E13.3559 Other specified diabetes mellitus with stable proliferative diabetic retinopathy
 E13.3591 - E13.3599 Other specified diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 H33.001 - H33.059 Retinal detachment with retinal break
 H33.101 - H33.103 Unspecified retinoschisis
 H33.111 - H33.113 Cyst of ora serrate
 H33.191 - H33.193 Other retinoschisis and retinal cysts
 H33.21 - H33.23 Serous retinal detachment
 H33.301 - H33.303 Unspecified retinal break
 H33.311 - H33.313 Horseshoe tear of retina without detachment
 H33.321 - H33.323 Round hole
 H33.41 - H33.43 Traction detachment of retina
 H33.8 Other retinal detachments
 H34.00 - H34.9 Retinal vascular occlusion
 H35.011 - H35.079 Background retinopathy and retinal vascular changes
 H35.171 - H35.173 Retrolental fibroplasia
 H35.21 - H35.22 Other non-diabetic proliferative retinopathy
 H35.30 - H35.389 Degeneration of macula and posterior pole
 H35.61 - H35.63 Retinal hemorrhage
 H35.70 - H35.739 Separation of retinal layers
 H35.81 Retinal edema
 H35.82 Retinal ischemia
 H35.89 Other specified retinal disorders
 H35.9 Unspecified retinal disorder
 H40.001 - H40.9 Glaucoma
 H42 Glaucoma in diseases classified elsewhere
 H44.21 - H44.23 Degenerative myopia
 H44.2A - H44.2A9 Degenerative myopia with choroidal neovascularization
 H44.2B - H44.2B9 Degenerative myopia with macular hole
 H44.2C - H44.2C9 Degenerative myopia with retinal detachment
 H44.2D - H44.2D9 Degenerative myopia with foveoschisis
 H44.2E - H44.2E9 Degenerative myopia with other maculopathy
 Q14.2 Congenital malformation of optic disc
 Q14.3 Congenital malformation of choroid
 Q14.8 Other congenital malformations of posterior segment of eye
 Q15.0 Congenital glaucoma
 S05.10XA - S05.12XS Contusion of eyeball and orbital tissues
 Cannot be billed with extended ophthalmoscopy (initial or subsequent) or fundus photography (including retinal screening).
Code Description
 92134
 
 
92137
 Computerized ophthalmic diagnostic imaging (eg, optical coherence tomography [OCT] ), posterior segment, with interpretation and report, unilateral or bilateral; retina. 
Diagnosis criteria and frequency are detailed below. 
Computerized opthalmic diagnostic imaging. OCT, posterior segment, with interpretation and report, unilateral or bilateral; retina, including OCT angiography. 
Allowable once per 12-month period for the following diagnoses:
 E08.311 Diabetes mellitus due to underlying condition with unspecified diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E08.319 Diabetes mellitus due to underlying condition with unspecified diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E08.3211 – E08.3399 Diabetes mellitus due to underlying condition with diabetic retinopathy
 E09.3211 – E09.3399 Drug or chemical induced diabetes mellitus with diabetic retinopathy
 E10.311 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with unspecified diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E10.319 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with unspecified diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E10.3211 - E10.3219 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with mild nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E10.3291 - E10.3299 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with mild nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E10.3311 - E10.3319 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with moderate nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E10.3391 - E10.3399 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with moderate nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E11.311 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with unspecified diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E11.319 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with unspecified diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E11.3211 - E11.3219 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with mild nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E11.3291 - E11.3299 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with mild nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E11.3311 - E11.3319 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with moderate nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E11.3391 - E11.3399 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with moderate nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E13.311 Other specified diabetes mellitus with unspecified diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E13.319 Other specified diabetes mellitus with unspecified diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E13.3211 - E13.3219 Other specified diabetes mellitus with mild nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E13.3291 - E13.3299 Other specified diabetes mellitus with mild nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E13.3311 - E13.3319 Other specified diabetes mellitus with moderate nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E13.3391 - E13.3399 Other specified diabetes mellitus with moderate nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 H31.101 - H31.103 Choroidal degeneration
 H31.111 - H31.113 Age-related choroidal atrophy
 H31.121 - H31.123 Diffuse secondary atrophy of choroid
 H33.331 - H33.333 Multiple defects of retina without detachment
 H35.00 Unspecified background retinopathy
 H35.40 - H35.469 Peripheral retinal degeneration
 H35.50 Unspecified hereditary retinal dystrophy
 H35.51 Vitreoretinal dystrophy
 H35.52 Pigmentary retinal dystrophy
 H35.53 Other dystrophies primarily involving the sensory retina
 H35.54 Dystrophies primarily involving the retinal pigment epithelium
 H35.361 - H35.363 Drusen (degenerative) of macula
 H36 Retinal disorders in diseases classified elsewhere
 H46.01 - H46.03 Optic papillitis
 H46.11 - H46.13 Retrobulbar neuritis
 H46.2 Nutritional optic neuropathy
 H46.3 Toxic optic neuropathy
 H46.8 Other optic neuritis
 H46.9 Unspecified optic neuritis
 H47.011 - H47.013 Ischemic optic neuropathy
 H47.021 - H47.023 Hemorrhage in optic nerve sheath
 H47.031 - H47.033 Optic nerve hypoplasia
 H47.091 - H47.093 Other disorders of optic nerve, not elsewhere classified
 H47.10 - H47.13 Papilledema
 H47.141 - H47.143 Foster-Kennedy syndrome
 H47.20 - H47.299 Optic atrophy
 H47.311 - H47.313 Coloboma of optic disc
 H47.321 - H47.323 Drusen of optic disc
 H47.331 - H47.333 Pseudopapilledema of optic disc
 H47.391 - H47.393 Other disorders of optic disc
 H47.41 - H47.49 Disorders of optic chiasm
 H47.511 - H47.539 Disorders of visual pathways
 H47.611 - H47.619 Cortical blindness
 H47.621 - H47.649 Disorders of visual cortex
 H47.9 Unspecified disorder of visual pathways
 H53.40 - H53.489 Visual field defects
 L93.0 Discoid lupus erythematosus
 L93.2 Other local lupus erythematosus
 M05.40 or M05.49 Rheumatoid myopathy with rheumatoid arthritis
 M05.50 or M05.59 Rheumatoid polyneuropathy with rheumatoid arthritis
 M05.70 or M05.79 Rheumatoid arthritis with rheumatoid factor
 M05.80 or M05.89 Other rheumatoid arthritis with rheumatoid factor
 M05.9 Rheumatoid arthritis with rheumatoid factor, unspecified
 M06.00 or M06.09 Rheumatoid arthritis without rheumatoid factor
 M06.80 or M06.89 Other specified rheumatoid arthritis
 M06.9 Rheumatoid arthritis, unspecified
 Q15.0 Congenital glaucoma
 T37.2X1A - T37.2X4S Poisoning by antimalarials and drugs
Code Description
 Z09 Encounter for follow-up examination after completed treatment for conditions other than malignant neoplasm
 Z79.84 Long term (current) use of oral hypoglycemic drugs
 Allowable twice per 12-month period for the following diagnoses:
 D31.30 Benign neoplasm of unspecified choroid
 D31.31 Benign neoplasm of right choroid
 D31.32 Benign neoplasm of left choroid
 E08.3411 - E08.3599 Diabetes mellitus due to underlying condition with diabetic retinopathy
 E09.3411 - E09.3599 Drug or chemical induced diabetes mellitus with diabetic retinopathy
 E10.3411 - E10.3419 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with severe nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E10.3491 - E10.3499 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with severe nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E10.3511 - E10.3519 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E10.3521 - E10.3529 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with traction retinal detachment involving the macula
 E10.3531 - E10.3539 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with traction retinal detachment not involving the macula
 E10.3541 - E10.3549 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with combined traction retinal detachment and rhegmatogenous retinal detachment
 E10.3551 - E10.3559 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with stable proliferative diabetic retinopathy
 E10.3591 - E10.3599 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E11.3411 - E11.3419 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with severe nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E11.3491 - E11.3499 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with severe nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E11.3511 - E11.3519 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema, unspecified eye
 E11.3521 - E11.3529 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with traction retinal detachment involving the macula
 E11.3531 - E11.3539 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with traction retinal detachment not involving the macula
 E11.3541 - E11.3549 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with combined traction retinal detachment and rhegmatogenous retinal detachment
 E11.3551 - E11.3559 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with stable proliferative diabetic retinopathy
 E11.3591 - E11.3599 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E13.3411 - E13.3419 Other specified diabetes mellitus with severe nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E13.3491 - E13.3499 Other specified diabetes mellitus with severe nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E13.3511 - E13.3519 Other specified diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E13.3521 - E13.3529 Other specified diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with traction retinal detachment involving the macula
 E13.3531 - E13.3539 Other specified diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with traction retinal detachment not involving the macula
 E13.3541 - E13.3549 Other specified diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with combined traction retinal detachment and rhegmatogenous retinal
 detachment
 E13.3551 - E13.3559 Other specified diabetes mellitus with stable proliferative diabetic retinopathy
 E13.3591 - E13.3599 Other specified diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 H31.101 – H31.103 Choroidal degeneration unspecified
 H31.111 – H31.113 Age-related choroidal atrophy
 H31.121 – H31.123 Diffuse secondary atrophy of choroid
 H33.001 - H33.059 Retinal detachment with retinal break
 H33.101 - H33.103 Unspecified retinoschisis
 H33.111 - H33.113 Cyst of ora serrate
 H33.191 - H33.193 Other retinoschisis and retinal cysts
 H33.21 - H33.23 Serous retinal detachment
 H33.301 - H33.303 Unspecified retinal break
 H33.311 - H33.313 Horseshoe tear of retina without detachment
 H33.321 - H33.323 Round hole
 H33.41 - H33.43 Traction detachment of retina
 H33.8 Other retinal detachments
 H34.00 - H34.9 Retinal vascular occlusion
 H35.011 - H35.079 Background retinopathy and retinal vascular changes
 H35.171 - H35.173 Retrolental fibroplasia
 H35.21 - H35.23 Other non-diabetic proliferative retinopathy
 H35.30 - H35.389 Degeneration of macula and posterior pole
 H35.61 - H35.63 Retinal hemorrhage
 H35.70 - H35.739 Separation of retinal layers
 H35.81 Retinal edema
 H35.82 Retinal ischemia
 H35.89 Other specified retinal disorders
 H35.9 Unspecified retinal disorder
 H40.001 - H40.9 Glaucoma
 H42 Glaucoma in diseases classified elsewhere
 H44.21 - H44.23 Degenerative myopia
 H44.2A - H44.2A9 Degenerative myopia with choroidal neovascularization
 H44.2B - H44.2B9 Degenerative myopia with macular hole
 H44.2C - H44.2C9 Degenerative myopia with retinal detachment
 H44.2D - H44.2D9 Degenerative myopia with foveoschisis
 H44.2E - H44.2E9 Degenerative myopia with other maculopathy
 Q14.2 Congenital malformation of optic disc
 Q14.3 Congenital malformation of choroid
 Q14.8 Other congenital malformations of posterior segment of eye
 Q15.0 Congenital glaucoma
 S05.10XA - S05.12XS Contusion of eyeball and orbital tissues
 Cannot be billed with extended ophthalmoscopy (initial or subsequent) or fundus photography (including retinal  screening).
 92136 Ophthalmic biometry by partial coherence interferometry with intraocular lens power calculation
Code Description
 92201
 
 
92202
 Ophthalmoscopy, extended; with retinal drawing and scleral depression of peripheral retinal disease (e.g., for retinal tear, retinal detachment, retinal tumor) with interpretation
 and report, unilateral or bilateral
 •  Allowable once per 12-month period for the below diagnoses.
 Ophthalmoscopy, extended, with drawing of optic nerve or macula (e.g., for glaucoma, macular pathology, tumor) with interpretation and report, unilateral or bilateral
 Allowable once per 12-month period for the following diagnoses:
 A39.82 Meningococcal retrobulbar neuritis
 A51.43 Secondary syphilitic oculopathy
 A52.19 Other symptomatic neurosyphilis
 B39.4 - B39.9 Histoplasmosis
 B58.01 Toxoplasma chorioretinitis
 C69.00 - C69.92 Malignant neoplasm of eye and adnexa
 D09.21 - D09.22 Carcinoma in situ
 D31.21 - D31.22 Benign neoplasm of retina
 D31.31 - D31.32 Benign neoplasm of choroid
 E08.311 - E08.3599 Diabetes mellitus due to underlying condition with diabetic retinopathy
 E09.311 - E09.3599 Drug or chemical induced diabetes mellitus with diabetic retinopathy
 E10.311 - E10.3599 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with diabetic retinopathy
 E10.36 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with diabetic cataract
 E10.39 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with other diabetic ophthalmic complication
 E10.65 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with hyperglycemia
 E11.311 - E11.3599 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with diabetic retinopathy
 E11.36 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with diabetic cataract
 E11.39 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with other diabetic ophthalmic complication
 E11.65 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with hyperglycemia
 E13.311 - E13.3599 Other specified diabetes mellitus with diabetic retinopathy
 E13.36 Other specified diabetes mellitus with diabetic cataract
 E13.39 Other specified diabetes mellitus with other diabetic ophthalmic complication
 H05.30 - H05.359 Deformity of the orbit
 H05.401 - H05.429 Enophthalmos
 H05.50 - H05.53 Retained (old) foreign body following penetrating wound
 H05.89 Other disorders of orbit
 H15.811 - H15.9 Other disorders of sclera
 H16.241 - H16.243 Ophthalmia nodosa
 H20.00 - H20.9 Iridocyclitis
 H21.00 - H21.9 Degeneration of iris and ciliary body
 H21.331 - H21.333 Parasitic cyst of iris, ciliary body or anterior chamber
 H22 Disorders of iris and ciliary body in diseases classified elsewhere
 H30.001 - H30.93 Chorioretinal inflammations
 H31.101 - H31.129 Choroidal degeneration
 H33.001 - H33.8 Retinal detachments and breaks
 H34.00 - H34.9 Retinal vascular occlusion
 H35.00 - H36 Other retinal disorders
 H40.001 - H40.9 Glaucoma
 H42 Glaucoma in diseases classified elsewhere
 H43.00 - H43.9 Disorders of vitreous body
 H44.001 - H44.029 Purulent endophthalmitis
 H44.111 - H44.9 Disorders of the globe
 H46.00 - H46.9 Optic neuritis
 H47.011 - H47.099 Disorders of optic nerve, not elsewhere classified
 H47.10 - H47.149 Papilledema
 H47.20 - H47.299 Optic atrophy
 H47.311 - H47.399 Other disorders of optic disc
 H47.41 - H47.49 Disorders of optic chiasm
 M05.40 Rheumatoid myopathy with rheumatoid arthritis of unspecified site
 M05.49 Rheumatoid myopathy with rheumatoid arthritis of multiple sites
 M05.50 Rheumatoid polyneuropathy with rheumatoid arthritis of unspecified site
 M05.59 Rheumatoid polyneuropathy with rheumatoid arthritis of multiple sites
 M05.70 Rheumatoid arthritis with rheumatoid factor of unspecified site without organ or systems involvement
 M05.79 Rheumatoid arthritis with rheumatoid factor of multiple sites without organ or systems involvement
 M05.80 Other rheumatoid arthritis with rheumatoid factor of unspecified site
 M05.89 Other rheumatoid arthritis with rheumatoid factor of multiple sites
 M05.9 Rheumatoid arthritis with rheumatoid factor, unspecified
 M06.00 Rheumatoid arthritis without rheumatoid factor, unspecified site
 M06.09 Rheumatoid arthritis without rheumatoid factor, multiple sites
 M06.80 Other specified rheumatoid arthritis, unspecified site
 M06.89 Other specified rheumatoid arthritis, multiple sites
 M06.9 Rheumatoid arthritis, unspecified
 M08.00 Unspecified juvenile rheumatoid arthritis of unspecified site
 M08.09 Unspecified juvenile rheumatoid arthritis, multiple sites
 M08.20 Juvenile rheumatoid arthritis with systemic onset, unspecified site
 M08.29 Juvenile rheumatoid arthritis with systemic onset, multiple sites
 M08.3 Juvenile rheumatoid polyarthritis (seronegative)
 M08.40 Pauciarticular juvenile rheumatoid arthritis, unspecified site
 M08.89 Other juvenile arthritis, multiple sites
Code Description
 M35.2 Behcet's disease
 Q14.0 - Q14.9 Congenital malformation
 Q15.0 Congenital glaucoma
 Q85.00 - Q85.02 Neurofibromatosis
 S05.10XA - S05.12XS Contusion of eye and adnexa
 S05.50XA - S05.52XS Penetrating wound with foreign body
 S05.60XA - S05.62XS Penetrating wound without foreign body
 S05.8X1A - S05.92XS Other injuries of eye and orbit
 Do not report 92201, 92202 in conjunction with 92250 (fundus photography)
 92227 Imaging of retina for detection or monitoring of disease; with remote clinical staff review and report, unilateral or bilateral
 Allowable once per 12-month period.
 Do not report 92227 in conjunction with 92002-92014, 92133, 92134, 92250, 92228 or with the evaluation and management of the single organ system, the eye, 99202-99350.
 92228 Imaging of retina for detection or monitoring of disease; with remote physician or other qualified health care professional interpretation and report, unilateral or bilateral
 Do not report 92228 in conjunction with 92002-92014, 92133, 92134, 92250, 92227 or with the evaluation and management of the single organ system, the eye, 99202-99350.
 92250 Fundus photography with interpretation and report
 Allowable once per 12-month period.
 Allowable twice per 12-month period for the following diagnoses:
 E08.311 - E08.3599 Diabetes mellitus due to underlying condition with diabetic retinopathy
 E09.311 - E09.3599 Drug or chemical induced diabetes mellitus with diabetic retinopathy
 E10.311 - E10.3599 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with diabetic retinopathy
 E11.311 - E11.3599 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with diabetic retinopathy
 E13.311 - E13.3599 Other specified diabetes mellitus with diabetic retinopathy
 H30.001 - H30.93 Chorioretinal inflammations
 H31.001 - H31.9 Other disorders of the choroid
 H32 Chorioretinal disorders in diseases classified elsewhere
 H33.001 - H33.8 Retinal detachments and breaks
 H34.00 - H34.9 Retinal vascular occlusion
 H35.00 - H36 Other retinal disorders
 Cannot be billed with extended ophthalmoscopy (initial or subsequent) or scanning computerized ophthalmic diagnostic imaging (of optic nerve or retina).
 92250/52 Diabetic retinal screening (baseline imaging to confirm the absence of diabetic eye disease)
 Use CPT code 92250 with modifier 52
 Allowable once per 12 month period.
 Bill diagnosis code Z13.5 in the primary position and diagnosis code E10.9, E11.9 or E13.9 in the secondary position.
 Z13.5 Encounter for screening for eye and ear disorders
 E10.9 - Type 1 diabetes mellitus without complications
 E11.9 - Type 2 diabetes mellitus without complications
 E13.9 - Other specified diabetes mellitus without complications
 Diabetic retinal screening is reimbursed $39 (or your U&C fee when less than $39).
 Medicaid members are not eligible for diabetic retinal screening. Medicaid covers fundus photography with interpretation and report with medical necessity.
 Cannot be billed with extended ophthalmoscopy (initial or subsequent) or scanning computerized ophthalmic diagnostic imaging (of optic nerve or retina).
 92260 Ophthalmodynamometry
 Service Allowance: Allowable once per 12-month period
 92270 Electro-oculography with interpretation and report
 Service Allowance: Allowable once per 12-month period.
 92273 Electroretinography (ERG), with interpretation and report; full field (i.e., ffERG, flash ERG, Ganzfeld ERG)
 Allowable once per 12-month period, as medically necessary.
 Provide location modifier RT or LT.
 92274 Electroretinography (ERG), with interpretation and report; multifocal (mfERG)
 Allowable once per 12-month period, as medically necessary.
 Provide location modifier RT or LT.
 92283 Color vision exam, extended
 Service Allowance: Allowable once per 12-month period as medically necessary.
 92284 Dark adaptation exam with interpretation and report
 Service Allowance: Allowable once per 12-month period.
 92285 External ocular photography with interpretation and report for documentation medical progress. Not allowed for pre-cataract diagnoses.
 Provide location modifier RT or LT.
 92286 Anterior segment imaging with interpretation and report; with specular microscopy and endothelial cell analysis
 Only covered for the following diagnoses:
 H18.11 - H18.13 Bullous keratopathy
 H18.51 Fuch’s Dystrophy
 H18.511 - H18.519 Endothelial corneal dystrophy
 Provide location modifier RT or LT.
 92287 Anterior segment imaging with interpretation and report; with fluorescein angiography
 Provide location modifier RT or LT.
Code Description
 92499 Exam with refraction for diabetic patients only who experience vision shifts of ± 1.00 diopters or greater in at least one eye due to diabetes medications (must be documented in
 the patient’s file). Cannot be billed with another exam service on the same day. Refraction not reimbursed separately; payment is bundled with exam.
 If applicable, bill the diagnosis code with the correct eye location: left, right or bilateral.
 Allowable once per 12-month period for the following diagnoses:
 E10.311 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with unspecified diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E10.319 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with unspecified diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E10.3211 - E10.3219 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with mild nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E10.3291 - E10.3299 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with mild nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E10.3311 - E10.3319 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with moderate nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E10.3391 - E10.3399 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with moderate nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E10.3411 - E10.3419 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with severe nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E10.3491 - E10.3499 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with severe nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E10.3511 - E10.3519 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E10.3521 - E10.3529 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with traction retinal detachment involving the macula
 E10.3531 - E10.3539 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with traction retinal detachment not involving the macula
 E10.3541 - E10.3549 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with combined traction retinal detachment and rhegmatogenous retinal detachment
 E10.3551 - E10.3559 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with stable proliferative diabetic retinopathy
 E10.3591 - E10.3599 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E11.311  Type 2 diabetes mellitus with unspecified diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E11.319  Type 2 diabetes mellitus with unspecified diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E11.3211 - E11.3219 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with mild nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E11.3291 - E11.3299 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with mild nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E11.3311 - E11.3319 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with moderate nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E11.3391 - E11.3399 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with moderate nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E11.3411 - E11.3419 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with severe nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E11.3491 - E11.3499 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with severe nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E11.3511 - E11.3519 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema, unspecified eye
 E11.3521 - E11.3529 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with traction retinal detachment involving the macula
 E11.3531 - E11.3539 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with traction retinal detachment not involving the macula
 E11.3541 - E11.3549 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with combined traction retinal detachment and rhegmatogenous retinal detachment
 E11.3551 - E11.3559 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with stable proliferative diabetic retinopathy
 E11.3591 - E11.3599 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edemaE13.311  Other specified diabetes mellitus with unspecified diabetic
 retinopathy with macular edema
 E13.319  Other specified diabetes mellitus with unspecified diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E13.3211 - E13.3219 Other specified diabetes mellitus with mild nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E13.3291 - E13.3299 Other specified diabetes mellitus with mild nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E13.3311 - E13.3319 Other specified diabetes mellitus with moderate nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E13.3391 - E13.3399 Other specified diabetes mellitus with moderate nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E13.3411 - E13.3419 Other specified diabetes mellitus with severe nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E13.3491 - E13.3499 Other specified diabetes mellitus with severe nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E13.3511 - E13.3519 Other specified diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E13.3521 - E13.3529 Other specified diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with traction retinal detachment involving the macula
 E13.3531 - E13.3539 Other specified diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with traction retinal detachment not involving the macula
 E13.3541 - E13.3549 Other specified diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with combined traction retinal detachment and rhegmatogenous retinal
 detachment
 E13.3551 - E13.3559 Other specified diabetes mellitus with stable proliferative diabetic retinopathy
 E13.3591 - E13.3599 Other specified diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 Rubeosis iridis
 H21.1X1 Other vascular disorders of iris and ciliary body (rubeosis iridis), right eye
 H21.1X2 Other vascular disorders of iris and ciliary body (rubeosis iridis), left eye
 H21.1X3 Other vascular disorders of iris and ciliary body (rubeosis iridis), bilateral
 95930 Visual evoked potential (VEP) checkerboard or flash testing, central nervous system except glaucoma, with interpretation and report.
 Service Allowance: Allowable once per 12-month period.
 VSP will not reimburse fundus photography, extended ophthalmoscopy (initial or subsequent) or scanning computerized ophthalmic diagnostic imaging (of optic nerve or retina)
 on the same day as VEP testing.
 Multiple surgical procedure payment reduction rules apply to the following:
Code Description
 65205 Removal of foreign body, external eye; conjunctival superficial
 Provide location modifier RT or LT.
 65210 Removal of foreign body, external eye; conjunctival embedded, subconjunctival or scleral nonperforating
 Provide location modifier RT or LT.
 65220 Removal of foreign body, external eye; corneal, without slit lamp
 Provide location modifier RT or LT.
 65222 Removal of foreign body, external eye; corneal, with slit lamp
 Provide location modifier RT or LT.
 65430 Scraping of cornea, diagnostic, for smear and/or culture
 Provide location modifier RT or LT.
 65435 Removal of corneal epithelium; with or without chemocauterization (abrasion, curettage)
 Provide location modifier RT or LT.
 67820 Correction of trichiasis; epilation, by forceps only
 Provide location modifier E1, E2, E3 or E4.
 67938 Removal of embedded foreign body, eyelid
 Provide location modifier RT or LT.
 68020 Incision of conjunctiva, drainage of cyst
 Provide location modifier E1, E2, E3 or E4.
 68040 Expression of conjunctival follicles (eg, for trachoma)
 Provide location modifier E1, E2, E3 or E4
 68761 Closure of lacrimal punctum; by plug, each
 Allowable diagnosis codes:
 
H04.11 - H04.9 Disorders of lacrimal system
 H16.141 - H16.143 Punctate keratitis
 H16.221 - H16.223, H11.821 – H11.823, H04.829 Keratoconjunctivitis sicca, not specified as Sjogren's
 M35.00 – M35.03 Sjogren syndrome
 Temporary plugs are limited to one, per eyelid, in a 24-month period.
 Maximum of four (4) per lifetime.
 Permanent plugs are limited to one, per eyelid, in a 24-month period.
 Two additional plugs may be authorized if medically necessary; however, VSP will not reimburse more than two plugs per eyelid.
 Maximum of six (6) per lifetime.
 Bill the appropriate modifiers E1 (upper lid, left); E2 (lower lid, left); E3 (upper lid, right); or E4 (lower lid, right).
 Use modifier SC to report temporary plugs.
 Reimbursement
 Standard rules for coding a minor surgical procedure apply. Punctal occlusion by plug carries a 10-day global period. All services necessary to complete the procedure, are included in
 the payment for the procedure. Reimbursement for a minor surgical procedure includes the preoperative visit on the day of surgery, postoperative visits related to recovery, and
 supplies. Exam services (920XX or 992XX) and local anesthesia is also included in the procedure and should not be reported separately.
 Punctal occlusion is a unilateral procedure and reimbursement is per punctum. When two puncta are occluded at the same session, multiple surgery rules apply. Use modifier 51
 (multiple procedures) when more than one punctum is occluded during the same session
 68801 Dilation of lacrimal punctum, with or without irrigation
 Provide location modifier RT or LT.
 68810 Probing of nasolacrimal duct, with or without irrigation
 Provide location modifier RT or LT.
 68815 Probing of nasolacrimal duct, with or without irrigation; with insertion of tube or stent
 Provide location modifier RT or LT.
Code Description
 83516 Immunoassay for analyte other than infectious agent antibody or infectious agent antigen; qualitative or semiquantitative, multiple step method
 If applicable, bill the diagnosis code with the correct eye location: left, right or bilateral.
 Allowable diagnosis codes include, but are not limited to, the following:
 H00.021 - H00.029 Hordeolum internum
 H01.011 - H01.019 Ulcerative blepharitis
 H01.01A - Ulcerative blepharitis right eye, upper and lower eyelids
 H01.01B - Ulcerative blepharitis left eye, upper and lower eyelids
 H02.031 - H02.039 Senile entropion
 H02.101 - H02.109 Unspecified ectropion
 H04.121 - H04.129 Dry eye syndrome
 H04.211 - H04.229 Epiphora
 H04.421 - H04.429 Chronic lacrimal canaliculitis
 H04.521 - H04.529 Eversion
 H04.561 - H04.569 Stenosis
 H10.521 - H10.539 Blepharoconjunctivitis
 H16.121 - H16.123 Filamentary keratitis
 H16.221 - H16.223 Keratoconjunctivitis sicca, not specified as Sjogren's
 H18.831 - H18.833 Recurrent erosion of cornea
 H40.10X0 - H40.1194 Primary open-angle glaucoma
 M35.00 - M35.03 Sjogren syndrome
 Use modifier QW - Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendment (CLIA) waived test.
 Provide location modifier RT and/or LT.
 When billing for both eyes, code 83516 twice, on two lines, for 1-unit of service each, as follows:
 83516-QW-RT
 83516-QW-LT
 83861 Microfluidic analysis utilizing an integrated collection and analysis device, tear osmolarity
 If applicable, bill the diagnosis code with the correct eye location: left, right or bilateral.
 Allowable diagnosis codes include, but are not limited to, the following:
 H00.021 - H00.029 Hordeolum internum
 H01.011 - H01.019 Ulcerative blepharitis
 H01.01A - Ulcerative blepharitis right eye, upper and lower eyelids
 H01.01B - Ulcerative blepharitis left eye, upper and lower eyelids
 H02.031 - H02.039 Senile entropion
 H02.101 - H02.109 Unspecified ectropion
 H04.121 - H04.129 Dry eye syndrome
 H04.211 - H04.229 Epiphora
 H04.421 - H04.429 Chronic lacrimal canaliculitis
 H04.521 - H04.529 Eversion
 H04.561 - H04.569 Stenosis
 H10.521 - H10.539 Blepharoconjunctivitis
 H16.121 - H16.123 Filamentary keratitis
 H16.221 - H16.223 Keratoconjunctivitis sicca, not specified as Sjogren's
 H18.831 - H18.833 Recurrent erosion of cornea
 H40.10X0 - H40.1194 Primary open-angle glaucoma
 M35.00 - M35.03 Sjogren syndrome
 Use modifier QW - Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendment (CLIA) waived test.
 Provide location modifier RT and/or LT.
 When billing for both eyes, code 83861 twice, on two lines, for 1-unit of service each, as follows:
 83861-QW-RT
 83861-QW-LT
 87809 Infectious agent antigen detection by immunoassay with direct optical observation; Adenovirus
 Allowable diagnosis codes:
 H10.011 - H10.029 Mucopurulent conjunctivitis
 H10.11 - H10.13 Acute atopic conjunctivitis
 H10.221 - H10.223 Pseudomembranous conjunctivitis
 H10.231 - H10.233 Serous conjunctivitis
 H10.31 - H10.33 Unspecified acute conjunctivitis
 H10.401 - H10.403 Unspecified chronic conjunctivitis
 H10.411 - H10.413 Chronic giant papillary conjunctivitis
 H10.421 - H10.423 Simple chronic conjunctivitis
 H10.431 - H10.433 Chronic follicular conjunctivitis
 H10.44 Vernal conjunctivitis
 H10.45 Other chronic allergic conjunctivitis
 H10.89 Other conjunctivitis
 H16.261 - H16.263 Vernal keratoconjunctivitis
 Use modifier QW - Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendment (CLIA) waived test.
 Provide location modifier RT and/or LT.
 When billing for both eyes, code 87809 twice, on two lines, for 1-unit of service each, as follows:
 87809-QW-RT
 87809-QW-LT
 Services received from a VSP network provider when medical eye care services are required for urgent or emergency care. Urgent and/or emergency facility charges are not covered. 
98016 Virtula visit/check-in, evaluation and management sertice, for an established patient, for up to 7 days, cumulative time during the 7 days; 5-10 minutes
 Code Description
 99050 Service(s) provided in the office at times other than regularly scheduled office hours, or day when the office is normally closed (e.g., holidays, Saturday or Sunday), in addition to basic
 service
 99051 Service(s) provided in the office during regularly scheduled evening, weekend or holiday office hours, in addition to basic service
 99058 Service(s) provided on an emergency basis in the office, which disrupts other scheduled office services in addition to basic service
 Use the following codes to indicate established patient, patient initiated, online digital evaluation. Limited to one online evaluation and management code per seven-day period, per chief
 complaint. Cannot lead to another medical visit in the next 24 hours.
 Code Description
 99421 Online digital evaluation and management service, for an established patient, for up to 7 days, cumulative time during the 7 days; 5-10 minutes
 99422 Online digital evaluation and management service, for an established patient, for up to 7 days, cumulative time during the 7 days; 11-20 minutes
 99423 Online digital evaluation and management service, for an established patient, for up to 7 days, cumulative time during the 7 days; 21 or more minutes
 Use the following codes to report your office’s consultation services only when requested by another physician. Allowable once per patient, per seven-day period. Service is not reported if the
 patient was seen by the consultant physician within the past 14 days. 
Code Description
 99446 Interprofessional telephone/Internet/electronic health record assessment and management service provided by a consultative physician or other qualified health care professional,
 including a verbal and written report to the patient's treating/requesting physician or other qualified health care professional; 5-10 minutes of medical consultative discussion and
 review
 99447 Interprofessional telephone/Internet/electronic health record assessment and management service provided by a consultative physician or other qualified health care professional,
 including, including a verbal and written report to the patient's treating/requesting physician or other qualified health care professional; 11-20 minutes of medical consultative
 discussion and review
 99448 Interprofessional telephone/Internet/electronic health record assessment and management service provided by a consultative physician or other qualified health care professional,
 including a verbal and written report to the patient's treating/requesting physician or other qualified health care professional; 21-30 minutes of medical consultative discussion and
 review
 99449 Interprofessional telephone/Internet/electronic health record assessment and management service provided by a consultative physician or other qualified health care professional,
 including a verbal and written report to the patient's treating/requesting physician or other qualified health care professional; 31 minutes or more of medical consultative discussion
 and review
 99451 Interprofessional telephone/internet/electronic health record assessment and management service provided by a consultative physician or other qualified health care professional,
 including a written report to the patient’s treating/requesting physician or other qualified health-care professional, five or more minutes of medical consultative time.
 99452 Interprofessional telephone/internet/electronic health record referral service(s) provided by a treating/requesting physician or qualified health-care professional, 30 minutes.
 Reported by the physician who is treating the patient and requesting the non-face-to-face consult for medical advice or opinion (not for a transfer of care or a face-to-face consult).
92100
 Procedure Special Handling Procedures
 Serial tonometry is defined as a separate procedure with multiple measurements, interpretation and report of intraocular pressure
 over an extended time period during a single day (e.g., diurnal curve or medical treatment of acute elevation of intraocular pressure).
 A single tonometry check is considered part of the ophthalmic exam and is not reported separately.
 92201-92202 Extended ophthalmoscopy is included in the global reimbursement for retinal surgery. Extended ophthalmoscopy (direct or binocular
 indirect) may not be billed separately during an exam except when all of the following conditions are met: patient’s presenting
 symptoms and/or diagnosis of retinal or vitreoretinal problems support the need for extended ophthalmoscopy.
 The medical record indicates that extended ophthalmoscopy was performed. Dilated retinal evaluation with direct or binocular
 indirect ophthalmoscopy does not constitute extended ophthalmoscopy unless additional procedures (e.g., contact lens or three
 mirror evaluations) were required. Additional procedures must be clearly indicated in the patient's chart.
 The medical record should contain a detailed drawing that describes the retina, including defects. The drawing does not have to
 accompany the claim but should be available for review upon request.
 92250
 Fundus Photography with Interpretation and Report
 Fundus photography is a procedure in which bilateral photographs of the retina are obtained for diagnostic purposes. Coverage is
 provided when fundus photography is:
 Performed during initial glaucoma care, if:
 1. intraocular pressures are clearly documented in the patient's medical record and are at or above 21 mm Hg; or
 2. intraocular pressures are between 15 and 20 mm Hg and there is clear funduscopic evidence of glaucomatous optic nerve damage
 (such as abnormal cup size, thinning or notching of the disc rim, progressive change, disc hemorrhage or nerve fiber layer defects).
 In either instance, repeat studies by the same doctor are covered if submitted at greater than one-year intervals, unless there are
 other clinical indications to justify the study. Preglaucoma, borderline glaucoma and glaucoma are generally slow disease processes
 that can be followed by modalities other than fundus photography.
 Used in evaluating rapid, progressive diabetic retinopathy. In this instance, coverage is provided only when there is no prior retinal
 laser surgery and photography is not performed more than once every six months. Fundus photography is not covered if used to
 evaluate stable or minimal diabetic retinopathy.
 95930
 Visually evoked potential (VEP) checkerboard or flash
 testing, central nervous system except glaucoma,
 with interpretation and report
 Visual evoked potentials (VEPs) are appropriate for 1) detecting optic neuritis at an early, subclinical stage, and 2) evaluating the
 following diseases of the optic nerve:
 Ischemic optic neuropathy
 Pseudotumor cerebri
 Toxic amblyopias
 Nutritional amblyopias
 Neoplasms compressing the anterior visual pathways
 Optic nerve injury or atrophy
 Hysterical blindness (to rule out)
 The patient’s medical record must contain documentation that fully supports the visual necessity for VEPs, including, but not limited
 to, relevant medical history, physical examination and results of pertinent diagnostic tests or procedures.
 If your technician is certified, a VEP test may be performed under general supervision (the doctor is not immediately available). If your
 technician is not certified, a VEP test must be performed with direct supervision (doctor is immediately available).
Last Updated: Mar 18, 2025
 Page 29
 VSP Diabetic Eyecare Plus Program
 SM
 The Diabetic Eyecare Plus Program is designed to provide supplemental medical eye care services for members with diabetes, diabetic eye disease, glaucoma, or age-related macular
 degeneration (AMD). Diabetic Eyecare Plus coverage is secondary to other medical eye insurance coverage that may reimburse you, if you are a participating provider with the patient’s medical
 plan. Please refer to Coordination of Benefits section for more information.
 Covered-in-full retinal screening (use CPT code 92250 and modifier 52) is available to patients who have diabetes but don’t show signs of diabetic eye disease. There is no copay for the member
 and VSP will reimburse $39.00 or your U&C fees, whichever is lower. Retinal screening (photos) can be billed on the same day as the WellVision exam, under the Diabetic Eyecare Plus
 authorization. For additional information, refer to retinal screening in the detailed list of covered services below.
 ®
 Members with type 1 and type 2 diabetes need an annual eye exam that includes dilation to allow for the most thorough examination of the retina and optic nerve. If diabetic eye disease (e.g.,
 diabetic retinopathy or rubeosis) is detected during a comprehensive exam and follow-up care is needed, additional medical eye care services are available under VSP’s Diabetic Eyecare Plus
 Program to track and monitor diabetic eye disease progression.
 Additional medical eye care services available for patients with diabetes and diabetic eye disease include:
 medical follow-up exams
 fundus photography with interpretation and report
 extended ophthalmoscopy
 scanning computerized ophthalmic diagnostic imaging (SCODI) including optical coherence tomography (OCT)
 remote imaging for detection, monitoring and management of retinal disease
 one additional exam with refraction for changes in vision due to diabetes medication(s).
 Coverage is also available for VSP members with glaucoma and/or age-related macular degeneration (AMD) including:
 medical follow-up exams
 Scanning computerized ophthalmic diagnostic imaging (SCODI) including optical coherence tomography (OCT)
 visual field and acuity tests
 tonometry (used to monitor and measure intraocular pressure)
 gonioscopy (examines the drainage angle of the eye)
 pachymetry (process of measuring the thickness of the cornea)
 Copays, if required, apply to exams only (92002-92014, 99202-99205, 99211-99215, 99421-99423). Copays do not apply to additional professional services (e.g., retinal screening). A patient’s
 copay amount should never exceed your VSP payable fee for the service provided.
 Check the Patient Record Report to confirm Diabetic Eyecare Plus coverage. Patients don’t need a primary care physician’s referral before their visit. Patients can make appointments or be seen
 immediately. Refer ineligible patients back to their medical primary care doctors, unless you participate on their medical plan panel. Patients choosing non-covered services should be informed
 of any out-of-pocket cost and asked to sign the Patient Responsibility Statement prior to receiving services. You can find the form under the Forms section of the Administration menu
 on VSPOnline on eyefinity.com
 ®
 Enter the specific procedure code and related diagnosis code(s), when completing the claim online or manually on the CMS-1500 Claim Form. For full procedure code descriptions, refer to the
 Current Procedural Terminology (CPT ) maintained by the American Medical Association (AMA).
 Reminders:
 Diabetic Eyecare Plus services must be submitted on a separate authorization from routine vision claims.
 Report only those services appropriate for your licensure and your state’s current regulations.
 Code to the highest degree of specificity when indicating diagnosis.
 When applicable, bill the diagnosis code with the correct eye location: left, right or bilateral.
 If evaluation and management services are performed remotely, bill the CPT code with a GQ or 95 modifier, as appropriate
 Note: VSP recognizes but does not currently support Place of Service (POS) code 02 for reporting telehealth services rendered from a distant site except when submitted on paper as a secondary
 for coordination of benefits. Additionally, VSP recognizes but does not currently support POS code 10 for reporting telehealth services provided in patient’s home.
 Modifiers GQ or 95 are used to identify telemedicine services, as appropriate. Modifiers are used for information purposes only.
 Standard timely filing guidelines apply.
 When billing eye exams or other services for patients with diabetes, remember to include code 3072F to indicate no evidence of retinopathy in the prior year, when applicable. Data collection
 codes, including 3072F, should be billed with a $0.00 amount.
 Reimbursement for eye exams (CPT codes 920XX and 99202-99215) will meet your current VSP Signature Plan payable fees. For retinal screening (photos) you’ll be reimbursed $39.00 or your
 U&C fees, whichever is lower. Approved additional services are reimbursed at 80% of your U&C fee, up to the VSP Essential Medical Eye Care maximum allowable.
 Note: For more information about the Interpretation and Report requirement for medical procedures, refer to Guidelines for the Interpretation and Report of Diagnostic Procedures.
 Coordination of benefits (COB) applies to the payment of medical eyecare benefits when a member is covered under two or more benefit plans. If a member has medical benefits under a
 medical health insurance plan that you’re contracted with, that plan is primary and VSP is secondary. In the event VSP is the secondary payer, VSP may be billed for the member’s out-of-pocket
 expenses. Examples are copayments, deductibles, charges for noncovered services, or charges for services not covered in full by the primary carrier. Providers are responsible for verifying
 coverage, as well as billing the other carrier(s).
 See Coordination of Benefits section for more information about how to coordinate benefits.
 Comprehensive eye exams are covered once per 12-month period. Additional comprehensive eye exams are reimbursed at the intermediate level.
 
Medical Follow-Up Exam
 92002/92012 - Int,
 92004/92014 - Comp,
 99202/99203 - Int,
 99204/99205 - Comp,
 99211 - 99214 - Int,
 99215 - Comp
 Service Allowance:
 Allowable once per 12-month period for patients with type 1 or type 2 diabetes and diabetic retinopathy or rubeosis. Use the diagnosis codes below which include
 both diabetes and diabetic retinopathy. For rubeosis, include a rubeosis and a 1 or type 2 diabetes diagnosis code.
 If applicable, bill the diagnosis code with the correct eye location: left, right or bilateral.
 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with diabetic retinopathy
 E10.A0 – E10.A2 Type 1 diabetes mellitus presympyomatic
 E10.311 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with unspecified diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E10.319 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with unspecified diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E10.3211 - E10.3219 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with mild nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E10.3291 - E10.3299 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with mild nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E10.3311 - E10.3319 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with moderate nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E10.3391 - E10.3399 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with moderate nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E10.3411 - E10.3419 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with severe nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E10.3491 - E10.3499 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with severe nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E10.3511 - E10.3519 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E10.3521 - E10.3529 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with traction retinal detachment involving the macula
 E10.3531 - E10.3539 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with traction retinal detachment not involving the macula
 E10.3541 - E10.3549 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with combined traction retinal detachment and rhegmatogenous retinal
 detachment
 E10.3551 - E10.3559 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with stable proliferative diabetic retinopathy
 E10.3591 - E10.3599 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with diabetic retinopathy
 E11.311 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with unspecified diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E11.319 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with unspecified diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E11.3211 - E11.3219 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with mild nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E11.3291 - E11.3299 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with mild nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E11.3311 - E11.3319 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with moderate nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E11.3391 - E11.3399 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with moderate nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E11.3411 - E11.3419 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with severe nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E11.3491 - E11.3499 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with severe nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E11.3511 - E11.3519 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema, unspecified eye
 E11.3521 - E11.3529 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with traction retinal detachment involving the macula
 E11.3531 - E11.3539 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with traction retinal detachment not involving the macula
 E11.3541 - E11.3549 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with combined traction retinal detachment and rhegmatogenous retinal
 detachment
 E11.3551 - E11.3559 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with stable proliferative diabetic retinopathy
 E11.3591 - E11.3599 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 Rubeosis iridis
 H21.1X1 Other vascular disorders of iris and ciliary body, right eye (rubeosis iridis)
 H21.1X2 Other vascular disorders of iris and ciliary body, left eye (rubeosis iridis)
 H21.1X3 Other vascular disorders of iris and ciliary body, bilateral (rubeosis iridis)
 Type 1 diabetes mellitus
 E10.10 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with ketoacidosis without coma*
 E10.21 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with diabetic nephropathy*
 E10.22 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with diabetic chronic kidney disease*
 E10.29 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with other diabetic kidney complication*
 E10.36 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with diabetic cataract*
 E10.39 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with other diabetic ophthalmic complication*
 E10.40 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with diabetic neuropathy, unspecified*
 E10.41 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with diabetic mononeuropathy*
 E10.42 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with diabetic polyneuropathy*
 E10.43 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with diabetic autonomic (poly)neuropathy*
 E10.44 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with diabetic amyotrophy*
 E10.49 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with other diabetic neurological complication*
 E10.51 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with diabetic peripheral angiopathy without gangrene*
 E10.59 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with other circulatory complications*
 E10.610 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with diabetic neuropathic arthropathy*
 E10.618 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with other diabetic arthropathy*
 E10.620 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with diabetic dermatitis*
 E10.621 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with foot ulcer*
 E10.622 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with other skin ulcer*
 E10.628 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with other skin complications*
 E10.630 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with periodontal disease*
 E10.638 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with other oral complications*
 E10.649 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with hypoglycemia without coma*
 E10.65 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with hyperglycemia*
 E10.69 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with other specified complication*
 E10.8 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with unspecified complications*
 
Medical Follow-Up Exam
 Type 2 diabetes mellitus
 E11.00 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with hyperosmolarity without nonketotic hyperglycemic-hyperosmolar coma*
 E11.10 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with ketoacidosis without coma*
 E11.21 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with diabetic nephropathy*
 E11.22 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with diabetic chronic kidney disease*
 E11.29 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with other diabetic kidney complication*
 E11.36 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with diabetic cataract*
 E11.39 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with other diabetic ophthalmic complication*
 E11.40 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with diabetic neuropathy, unspecified*
 E11.41 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with diabetic mononeuropathy*
 E11.42 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with diabetic polyneuropathy*
 E11.43 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with diabetic autonomic (poly)neuropathy*
 E11.44 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with diabetic amyotrophy*
 E11.49 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with other diabetic neurological complication*
 E11.51 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with diabetic peripheral angiopathy without gangrene*
 E11.59 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with other circulatory complications*
 E11.610 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with diabetic neuropathic arthropathy*
 E11.618 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with other diabetic arthropathy*
 E11.620 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with diabetic dermatitis*
 E11.621 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with foot ulcer*
 E11.622 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with other skin ulcer*
 E11.628 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with other skin complications*
 E11.630 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with periodontal disease*
 E11.638 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with other oral complications*
 E11.649 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with hypoglycemia without coma*
 E11.65 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with hyperglycemia*
 E11.69 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with other specified complication*
 E11.8 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with unspecified complications*
 E16.A1 – E16.A3 Hypoglycemia
 *Not billable in primary position
 92020 Gonioscopy
 Service Allowance:
 Allowable once per 12-month period for patients with type 1 or type 2 diabetes and rubeosis. Use the diagnosis codes below. Include both rubeosis and diabetes
 diagnosis codes.
 Rubeosis iridis
 H21.1X1 Other vascular disorders of iris and ciliary body, right eye (rubeosis iridis)
 H21.1X2 Other vascular disorders of iris and ciliary body, left eye (rubeosis iridis)
 H21.1X3 Other vascular disorders of iris and ciliary body, bilateral (rubeosis iridis)
 Type 1 diabetes mellitus
 E10.A0 – E10.A2 Type 1 diabetes mellitus presympyomatic
 E10.10 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with ketoacidosis without coma*
 E10.21 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with diabetic nephropathy*
 E10.22 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with diabetic chronic kidney disease*
 E10.29 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with other diabetic kidney complication*
 E10.36 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with diabetic cataract*
 E10.39 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with other diabetic ophthalmic complication*
 E10.40 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with diabetic neuropathy, unspecified*
 E10.41 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with diabetic mononeuropathy*
 E10.42 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with diabetic polyneuropathy*
 E10.43 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with diabetic autonomic (poly)neuropathy*
 E10.44 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with diabetic amyotrophy*
 E10.49 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with other diabetic neurological complication*
 E10.51 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with diabetic peripheral angiopathy without gangrene*
 E10.59 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with other circulatory complications*
 E10.610 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with diabetic neuropathic arthropathy*
 E10.618 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with other diabetic arthropathy*
 E10.620 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with diabetic dermatitis*
 E10.621 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with foot ulcer*
 E10.622 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with other skin ulcer*
 E10.628 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with other skin complications*
 E10.630 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with periodontal disease*
 E10.638 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with other oral complications*
 E10.649 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with hypoglycemia without coma*
 E10.65 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with hyperglycemia*
 E10.69 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with other specified complication*
 E10.8 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with unspecified complications*
 
Medical Follow-Up Exam
 Type 2 diabetes mellitus
 E11.00 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with hyperosmolarity without nonketotic hyperglycemic-hyperosmolar coma *
 E11.10 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with ketoacidosis without coma*
 E11.21 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with diabetic nephropathy*
 E11.22 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with diabetic chronic kidney disease*
 E11.29 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with other diabetic kidney complication*
 E11.36 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with diabetic cataract*
 E11.39 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with other diabetic ophthalmic complication*
 E11.40 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with diabetic neuropathy, unspecified*
 E11.41 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with diabetic mononeuropathy*
 E11.42 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with diabetic polyneuropathy*
 E11.43 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with diabetic autonomic (poly)neuropathy*
 E11.44 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with diabetic amyotrophy*
 E11.49 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with other diabetic neurological complication*
 E11.51 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with diabetic peripheral angiopathy without gangrene*
 E11.59 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with other circulatory complications*
 E11.610 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with diabetic neuropathic arthropathy*
 E11.618 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with other diabetic arthropathy*
 E11.620 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with diabetic dermatitis*
 E11.621 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with foot ulcer*
 E11.622 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with other skin ulcer*
 E11.628 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with other skin complications*
 E11.630 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with periodontal disease*
 E11.638 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with other oral complications*
 E11.649 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with hypoglycemia without coma*
 E11.65 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with hyperglycemia*
 E11.69 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with other specified complication*
 E11.8 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with unspecified complications*
 E16.A1 – E16.A3 Hypoglycemia
 *Not billable in primary position
 92133 (1x per 12-month
 period)
 Computerized ophthalmic diagnostic imaging (eg. optical coherence tomography [OCT]), posterior segment, with interpretation and report, unilateral or bilateral;
 optic nerve
 Service Allowance:
 Allowable once per 12-month period for patients with type 1 or type 2 diabetes and diabetic retinopathy. Use the diagnosis codes below which include diabetes
 and diabetic retinopathy.
 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with diabetic retinopathy
 E10.A0 – E10.A2 Type 1 diabetes mellitus presymptomatic
 E10.319 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with unspecified diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E10.3211 - E10.3219 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with mild nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E10.3291 - E10.3299 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with mild nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E10.3311 - E10.3319 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with moderate nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E10.3391 - E10.3399 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with moderate nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with diabetic retinopathy
 E11.319 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with unspecified diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E11.3211 - E11.3219 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with mild nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E11.3291 - E11.3299 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with mild nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E11.3311 - E11.3319 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with moderate nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E11.3391 - E11.3399 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with moderate nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E16.A1 – E16.A3 Hypoglycemia
 Not billable with either extended ophthalmoscopy (initial or subsequent) or fundus photography.
Medical Follow-Up Exam
 92133 (2x per 12-month
 period)
 Computerized ophthalmic diagnostic imaging (eg. optical coherence tomography [OCT]), posterior segment, with interpretation and report, unilateral or bilateral;
 optic nerve
 Service Allowance:
 Allowable twice per 12-month period for patients with type 1or type 2 diabetes and diabetic retinopathy. Use the diagnosis codes below which include diabetes
 and diabetic retinopathy.
 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with diabetic retinopathy
 E10.311 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with unspecified diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E10.3411 - E10.3419 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with severe nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E10.3491 - E10.3499 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with severe nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E10.3511 - E10.3519 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E10.3521 - E10.3529 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with traction retinal detachment involving the macula
 E10.3531 - E10.3539 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with traction retinal detachment not involving the macula
 E10.3541 - E10.3549 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with combined traction retinal detachment and rhegmatogenous retinal
 detachment
 E10.3551 - E10.3559 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with stable proliferative diabetic retinopathy
 E10.3591 - E10.3599 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with diabetic retinopathy
 E11.311 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with unspecified diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E11.3411 - E11.3419 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with severe nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E11.3491 - E11.3499 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with severe nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E11.3511 - E11.3519 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema, unspecified eye
 E11.3521 - E11.3529 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with traction retinal detachment involving the macula
 E11.3531 - E11.3539 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with traction retinal detachment not involving the macula
 E11.3541 - E11.3549 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with combined traction retinal detachment and rhegmatogenous retinal
 detachment
 E11.3551 - E11.3559 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with stable proliferative diabetic retinopathy
 E11.3591 - E11.3599 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 Not billable with either extended ophthalmoscopy (initial or subsequent) or fundus photography.
 92134 (1x per 12-month
 period) 92137
 Computerized ophthalmic diagnostic imaging (eg. optical coherence tomography [OCT]), posterior segment, with interpretation and report, unilateral or bilateral;
 retina
 Computerized ophthalmic diagnostic imaging (eg. optical coherence tomography [OCT]), posterior segment, with interpretation and report, unilateral or bilateral;
 retina, including OCT angiography
 Service Allowance:
 Allowable once per 12-month period for patients with type 1 or type 2 diabetes and diabetic retinopathy. Use the diagnosis codes below which include diabetes
 and diabetic retinopathy.
 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with diabetic retinopathy
 E10.A0 – E10.A2 Type 1 diabetes mellitus presymptomatic
 E10.319 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with unspecified diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E10.3211 - E10.3219 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with mild nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E10.3291 - E10.3299 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with mild nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E10.3311 - E10.3319 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with moderate nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E10.3391 - E10.3399 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with moderate nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with diabetic retinopathy
 E11.319 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with unspecified diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E11.3211 - E11.3219 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with mild nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E11.3291 - E11.3299 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with mild nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E11.3311 - E11.3319 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with moderate nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E11.3391 - E11.3399 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with moderate nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E16.A1 – E16.A3 Hypoglycemia
 Not billable with either extended ophthalmoscopy (initial or subsequent) or fundus photography.
Medical Follow-Up Exam
 92134 (2x per 12-month
 period) 92137
 Computerized ophthalmic diagnostic imaging (eg. optical coherence tomography [OCT]), posterior segment, with interpretation and report, unilateral or bilateral;
 retina
 Computerized ophthalmic diagnostic imaging (eg. optical coherence tomography [OCT]), posterior segment, with interpretation and report, unilateral or bilateral;
 retina, including OCT angiography
 Service Allowance:
 Allowable twice per 12-month period for patients with type 1 or type 2 diabetes and diabetic retinopathy. Use the diagnosis codes below which include diabetes
 and diabetic retinopathy.
 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with diabetic retinopathy
 E10.311 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with unspecified diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E10.3411 - E10.3419 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with severe nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E10.3491 - E10.3499 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with severe nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E10.3511 - E10.3519 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E10.3521 - E10.3529 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with traction retinal detachment involving the macula
 E10.3531 - E10.3539 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with traction retinal detachment not involving the macula
 E10.3541 - E10.3549 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with combined traction retinal detachment and rhegmatogenous retinal
 detachment
 E10.3551 - E10.3559 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with stable proliferative diabetic retinopathy
 E10.3591 - E10.3599 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with diabetic retinopathy
 E11.311 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with unspecified diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E11.3411 - E11.3419 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with severe nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E11.3491 - E11.3499 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with severe nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E11.3511 - E11.3519 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema, unspecified eye
 E11.3521 - E11.3529 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with traction retinal detachment involving the macula
 E11.3531 - E11.3539 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with traction retinal detachment not involving the macula
 E11.3541 - E11.3549 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with combined traction retinal detachment and rhegmatogenous retinal
 detachment
 E11.3551 - E11.3559 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with stable proliferative diabetic retinopathy
 E11.3591 - E11.3599 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 Not billable with either extended ophthalmoscopy (initial or subsequent) or fundus photography.
 92201
 92202
 Ophthalmoscopy, extended; with retinal drawing and scleral depression of peripheral retinal disease (e.g., for retinal tear, retinal detachment, retinal tumor) with
 interpretation and report, unilateral or bilateral
 Ophthalmoscopy, extended, with drawing of optic nerve or macula (e.g., for glaucoma, macular pathology, tumor) with interpretation and report, unilateral or
 bilateral
 Service Allowance
 Allowable once per 6-month period for patients with type 1 or type 2 diabetes and diabetic retinopathy Use the diagnosis codes below which include diabetes and
 diabetic retinopathy.
 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with diabetic retinopathy
 E10.A0 – E10.A2 Type 1 diabetes mellitus presymptomatic
 E10.311 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with unspecified diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E10.319 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with unspecified diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E10.3211 - E10.3219 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with mild nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E10.3291 - E10.3299 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with mild nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E10.3311 - E10.3319 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with moderate nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E10.3391 - E10.3399 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with moderate nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E10.3411 - E10.3419 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with severe nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E10.3491 - E10.3499 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with severe nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E10.3511 - E10.3519 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E10.3521 - E10.3529 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with traction retinal detachment involving the macula
 E10.3531 - E10.3539 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with traction retinal detachment not involving the macula
 E10.3541 - E10.3549 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with combined traction retinal detachment and rhegmatogenous retinal
 detachment
 E10.3551 - E10.3559 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with stable proliferative diabetic retinopathy
 E10.3591 - E10.3599 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with diabetic retinopathy
 E11.311 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with unspecified diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E11.319 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with unspecified diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E11.3211 - E11.3219 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with mild nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E11.3291 - E11.3299 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with mild nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E11.3311 - E11.3319 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with moderate nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E11.3391 - E11.3399 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with moderate nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E11.3411 - E11.3419 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with severe nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E11.3491 - E11.3499 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with severe nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E11.3511 - E11.3519 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema, unspecified eye
 E11.3521 - E11.3529 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with traction retinal detachment involving the macula
 E11.3531 - E11.3539 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with traction retinal detachment not involving the macula
 E11.3541 - E11.3549 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with combined traction retinal detachment and rhegmatogenous retinal
 detachment
 E11.3551 - E11.3559 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with stable proliferative diabetic retinopathy
 E11.3591 - E11.3599 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E16.A1 – E16.A3 Hypoglycemia
 Cannot be billed with fundus photography or scanning computerized ophthalmic diagnostic imaging (of optic nerve or retina).
Medical Follow-Up Exam
 92227 Remote imaging for detection of retinal disease (e.g., retinopathy in a patient with diabetes) with analysis and report under physician supervision, unilateral or
 bilateral
 Allowable once per 12-month period
 Do not report 92227 in conjunction with 92002-92014, 92133, 92134, 92250, 92228 or with the evaluation and management of the single organ system, the eye,
 99202-99350
 92228 Remote imaging for monitoring and management of active retinal disease (e.g., diabetic retinopathy) with physician review, interpretation and report, unilateral or
 bilateral
 Allowable once per 12-month period.
 Do not report 92228 in conjunction with 92002-92014, 92133, 92134, 922250, 92227 or with the evaluation and management of the single organ system, the eye,
 99202-99350
 92250 Fundus photography with interpretation and report
 Service Allowance:
 Allowable once per 6-month period for patients with type 1 or type 2 diabetes and diabetic retinopathy. Use the diagnosis codes below which include diabetes and
 diabetic retinopathy.
 If applicable, bill the diagnosis code with the correct eye location: left, right or bilateral.
 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with diabetic retinopathy
 E10.A0 – E10.A2 Type 1 diabetes mellitus presymptomatic
 E10.311 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with unspecified diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E10.319 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with unspecified diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E10.3211 - E10.3219 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with mild nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E10.3291 - E10.3299 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with mild nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E10.3311 - E10.3319 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with moderate nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E10.3391 - E10.3399 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with moderate nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E10.3411 - E10.3419 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with severe nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E10.3491 - E10.3499 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with severe nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E10.3511 - E10.3519 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E10.3521 - E10.3529 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with traction retinal detachment involving the macula
 E10.3531 - E10.3539 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with traction retinal detachment not involving the macula
 E10.3541 - E10.3549 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with combined traction retinal detachment and rhegmatogenous retinal
 detachment
 E10.3551 - E10.3559 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with stable proliferative diabetic retinopathy
 E10.3591 - E10.3599 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with diabetic retinopathy
 E11.311 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with unspecified diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E11.319 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with unspecified diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E11.3211 - E11.3219 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with mild nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E11.3291 - E11.3299 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with mild nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E11.3311 - E11.3319 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with moderate nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E11.3391 - E11.3399 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with moderate nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E11.3411 - E11.3419 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with severe nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E11.3491 - E11.3499 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with severe nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E11.3511 - E11.3519 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema, unspecified eye
 E11.3521 - E11.3529 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with traction retinal detachment involving the macula
 E11.3531 - E11.3539 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with traction retinal detachment not involving the macula
 E11.3541 - E11.3549 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with combined traction retinal detachment and rhegmatogenous retinal
 detachment
 E11.3551 - E11.3559 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with stable proliferative diabetic retinopathy
 E11.3591 - E11.3599 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E16.A1 – E16.A3 Hypoglycemia
 Not covered if extended ophthalmoscopy is provided within six months.
 92250/52 Retinal Screening
 Covered-in-full retinal screening is available to Signature, Choice and Advantage patients who have diabetes but don’t show signs of diabetic eye disease. There is
 no copay for the member and VSP will reimburse $39.00 or your U&C fees, whichever is lower. Retinal screening can be billed on the same day as the
 WellVision eye exam, under the Diabetic Eyecare Plus authorization ®
 Service Allowance:
 Allowable once per 12-month period.
 Use CPT code 92250 with modifier 52
 Bill diagnosis code Z13.5 in the primary position and diagnosis code E10.9, E11.9 or E13.9 in the secondary position.
 Z13.5 Encounter for screening for eye and ear disorders
 E10.9 - Type 1 diabetes mellitus without complications
 E11.9 - Type 2 diabetes mellitus without complications
 E13.9 - Other specified diabetes mellitus without complications
Medical Follow-Up Exam
 92499 Exam with refraction for diabetic patients only who experience vision shifts of ± 1.00 diopters or greater in at least one eye due to diabetes medications (must be
 documented in the patient’s file). Cannot be billed with another exam service on the same day. Refraction not reimbursed separately; payment is bundled with
 exam.
 Service Allowance:
 Allowable once per 12-month period for patients with type 1 or type 2 diabetes and diabetic retinopathy or rubeosis. Use the diagnosis codes below which include
 both diabetes and diabetic retinopathy. For rubeosis, include a rubeosis and a type 1 or type 2 diabetes diagnosis code.
 If applicable, bill the diagnosis code with the correct eye location: left, right or bilateral.
 Type 1 or type 2 diabetes with diabetic retinopathy
 E10.A0 – E10.A2 Type 1 diabetes mellitus presymptomatic
 E10.311 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with unspecified diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E10.319 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with unspecified diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E10.3211 - E10.3219 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with mild nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E10.3291 - E10.3299 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with mild nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E10.3311 - E10.3319 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with moderate nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E10.3391 - E10.3399 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with moderate nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E10.3411 - E10.3419 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with severe nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E10.3491 - E10.3499 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with severe nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E10.3511 - E10.3519 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E10.3521 - E10.3529 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with traction retinal detachment involving the macula
 E10.3531 - E10.3539 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with traction retinal detachment not involving the macula
 E10.3541 - E10.3549 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with combined traction retinal detachment and rhegmatogenous retinal
 detachment
 E10.3551 - E10.3559 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with stable proliferative diabetic retinopathy
 E10.3591 - E10.3599 Type 1 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E11.311 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with unspecified diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E11.319 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with unspecified diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E11.3211 - E11.3219 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with mild nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E11.3291 - E11.3299 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with mild nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E11.3311 - E11.3319 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with moderate nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E11.3391 - E11.3399 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with moderate nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E11.3411 - E11.3419 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with severe nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema
 E11.3491 - E11.3499 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with severe nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular edema
 E11.3511 - E11.3519 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with macular edema, unspecified eye
 E11.3521 - E11.3529 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with traction retinal detachment involving the macula
 E11.3531 - E11.3539 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with traction retinal detachment not involving the macula
 E11.3541 - E11.3549 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with combined traction retinal detachment and rhegmatogenous retinal
 detachment
 E11.3551 - E11.3559 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with stable proliferative diabetic retinopathy
 E11.3591 - E11.3599 Type 2 diabetes mellitus with proliferative diabetic retinopathy without macular
 E16.A1 – E16.A3 Hypoglycemia
 99421, 99422, 99423 Online digital evaluation and management service, for an established patient, for up to 7 days, cumulative time during the 7 days.
 Allowed for patients with type 1 or type 2 diabetes and diabetic retinopathy or rubeosis, bill appropriate diagnosis code. For rubeosis, include a rubeosis and a 1 or
 type 2 diabetes diagnosis code, including hypoglycemia E16.A1 – E16.A3.
 99446, 99447, 99448,
 99449, 99451, 99452
 Interprofessional telephone/internet assessment and management service provided by a consultative physician or other qualified health care professional,
 including a verbal and written report to the patient’s treating/requesting physician or other qualified health care professional.
 Allowed for patients with type 1 or type 2 diabetes and diabetic retinopathy or rubeosis, bill appropriate diagnosis code. For rubeosis, include a rubeosis and a 1 or
 type 2 diabetes diagnosis code, including hypoglycemia E16.A1 – E16.A3.
 Members with AMD and coverage under the Diabetic Eyecare Plus Program are eligible for the services listed below. All services must be billed with appropriate diagnosis codes (see VSP AMD
 Approved Diagnosis Codes chart below).
 VSP AMD Covered Services
 Service Allowance: Allowable once per 12-month period for patients with AMD.
 92002, 92004, 92012, 92014, 99202 - 99205, 99211 - 99215 Medical follow-up exam
 92081-92083* Visual Field Exams
 92133 SCODI-P (optic nerve)
 92134 - 92137 SCODI-P (retina)
 92250 Fundus photography
 99421, 99422, 99423** Digital evaluation and management
 99446, 99447, 99448, 99449, 99451, 99452** Interprofessional internet consultation
 *Allowable twice per 12-month period when visual necessity is established.
 ** Allowable once per 7-day period when visual necessity is established, bill with modifier GQ or 95, as appropriate. If applicable, bill the diagnosis code with the correct eye location: left, right or
 bilateral.
 VSP AMD Approved Diagnosis Codes
 Always code to the highest degree of specificity when indicating diagnosis.
If applicable, bill the diagnosis code with the correct eye location: left, right or bilateral.
 Provide location modifier when required.
AMD services must be billed with one of the following diagnosis codes.
 H35.30 Unspecified macular degeneration
 H35.3110 Nonexudative age-related macular degeneration, right eye, stage unspecified
 H35.3111 Nonexudative age-related macular degeneration, right eye, early dry stage
 H35.3112 Nonexudative age-related macular degeneration, right eye, intermediate dry stage
 H35.3113 Nonexudative age-related macular degeneration, right eye, advanced atrophic without subfoveal involvement
 H35.3114 Nonexudative age-related macular degeneration, right eye, advanced atrophic with subfoveal involvement
 H35.3120 Nonexudative age-related macular degeneration, left eye, stage unspecified
 H35.3121 Nonexudative age-related macular degeneration, left eye, early dry stage
 H35.3122 Nonexudative age-related macular degeneration, left eye, intermediate dry stage
 H35.3123 Nonexudative age-related macular degeneration, left eye, advanced atrophic without subfoveal involvement
 H35.3124 Nonexudative age-related macular degeneration, left eye, advanced atrophic with subfoveal involvement
 H35.3130 Nonexudative age-related macular degeneration, bilateral, stage unspecified
 H35.3131 Nonexudative age-related macular degeneration, bilateral, early dry stage
 H35.3132 Nonexudative age-related macular degeneration, bilateral, intermediate dry stage
 H35.3133 Nonexudative age-related macular degeneration, bilateral, advanced atrophic without subfoveal involvement
 H35.3134 Nonexudative age-related macular degeneration, bilateral, advanced atrophic with subfoveal involvement
 H35.3190 Nonexudative age-related macular degeneration, unspecified eye, stage unspecified
 H35.3191 Nonexudative age-related macular degeneration, unspecified eye, early dry stage
 H35.3192 Nonexudative age-related macular degeneration, unspecified eye, intermediate dry stage
 H35.3193 Nonexudative age-related macular degeneration, unspecified eye, advanced atrophic without subfoveal involvement
 H35.3194 Nonexudative age-related macular degeneration, unspecified eye, advanced atrophic with subfoveal involvement
 H35.3210 Exudative age-related macular degeneration, right eye, stage unspecified
 H35.3211 Exudative age-related macular degeneration, right eye, with active choroidal neovascularization
 H35.3212 Exudative age-related macular degeneration, right eye, with inactive choroidal neovascularization
 H35.3213 Exudative age-related macular degeneration, right eye, with inactive scar
 H35.3220 Exudative age-related macular degeneration, left eye, stage unspecified
 H35.3221 Exudative age-related macular degeneration, left eye, with active choroidal neovascularization
 H35.3222 Exudative age-related macular degeneration, left eye, with inactive choroidal neovascularization
 H35.3223 Exudative age-related macular degeneration, left eye, with inactive scar
 H35.3230 Exudative age-related macular degeneration, bilateral, stage unspecified
 H35.3231 Exudative age-related macular degeneration, bilateral, with active choroidal neovascularization
 H35.3232 Exudative age-related macular degeneration, bilateral, with inactive choroidal neovascularization
 H35.3233 Exudative age-related macular degeneration, bilateral, with inactive scar
 H35.3290 Exudative age-related macular degeneration, unspecified eye, stage unspecified
 H35.3291 Exudative age-related macular degeneration, unspecified eye, with active choroidal neovascularization
 H35.3292 Exudative age-related macular degeneration, unspecified eye, with inactive choroidal neovascularization
 H35.3293 Exudative age-related macular degeneration, unspecified eye, with inactive scar
 H35.341 Macular cyst, hole, or pseudohole, right eye
 H35.342 Macular cyst, hole, or pseudohole, left eye
 H35.343 Macular cyst, hole, or pseudohole, bilateral
 H35.351 Cystoid macular degeneration, right eye
 H35.352 Cystoid macular degeneration, left eye
 H35.353 Cystoid macular degeneration, bilateral
76514 Pachymetry
 92020 Gonioscopy
 92100 Tonometry
 92201-92202 Extended ophthalmoscopy
 98016 Virtual visit/check-in evaluation and management
 AMD services must be billed with one of the following diagnosis codes.
 H35.361 Drusen (degenerative) of macula, right eye
 H35.362 Drusen (degenerative) of macula, left eye
 H35.363 Drusen (degenerative) of macula, bilateral
 H35.371 Puckering of macula, right eye
 H35.372 Puckering of macula, left eye
 H35.373 Puckering of macula, bilateral
 H35.381 Toxic maculopathy, right eye
 H35.382 Toxic maculopathy, left eye
 H35.383 Toxic maculopathy, bilateral
 Members with glaucoma and coverage under the Diabetic Eyecare Plus Program are eligible for the services listed below. All services must be billed with appropriate diagnosis codes (see VSP
 Glaucoma Approved Diagnosis Codes chart below).
 VSP Glaucoma Covered Services
 Service Allowance: Allowable once per 12-month period for patients with Glaucoma.
 92002, 92004, 92012, 92014, 99202 - 99205, 99211 - 99215 Medical follow-up exam
 92081-92083* Visual Field Exams
 92133 SCODI-P (optic nerve)
 92134-92137 SCODI-P (retina)
 92250 Fundus photography
 99421, 99422, 99423** Digital evaluation and management
 99446, 99447, 99448, 99449, 99451, 99452** Interprofessional internet consultation
 *Allowable twice per 12-month period when visual necessity is established.
 **Allowable only once per 7-day period when visual necessity is established, bill with modifier GQ or 95, as appropriate. If applicable, bill the diagnosis code with the correct eye location: left,
 right or bilateral.
 VSP Glaucoma Approved Diagnosis Codes
 Always code to the highest degree of specificity when indicating diagnosis.
 If applicable, bill the diagnosis code with the correct eye location: left, right or bilateral.
 Provide location modifier when required.
Glaucoma services must be billed with one of the following diagnosis codes
 H40.001 Preglaucoma, unspecified, right eye
 H40.002 Preglaucoma, unspecified, left eye
 H40.003 Preglaucoma, unspecified, bilateral
 H40.011 Open angle with borderline findings, low risk, right eye
 H40.012 Open angle with borderline findings, low risk, left eye
 H40.013 Open angle with borderline findings, low risk, bilateral
 H40.019 Open angle with borderline findings, low risk, unspecified
 H40.021 Open angle with borderline findings, high risk, right eye
 H40.022 Open angle with borderline findings, high risk, left eye
 H40.023 Open angle with borderline findings, high risk, bilateral
 H40.031 Anatomical narrow angle, right eye
 H40.032 Anatomical narrow angle, left eye
 H40.033 Anatomical narrow angle, bilateral
 H40.041 Steroid responder, right eye
 H40.042 Steroid responder, left eye
 H40.043 Steroid responder, bilateral
 H40.051 Ocular hypertension, right eye
 H40.052 Ocular hypertension, left eye
 H40.053 Ocular hypertension, bilateral
 H40.061 Primary angle closure without glaucoma damage, right eye
 H40.062 Primary angle closure without glaucoma damage, left eye
 H40.063 Primary angle closure without glaucoma damage, bilateral
 H40.10X0 Unspecified open-angle glaucoma, stage unspecified
 H40.10X1 Unspecified open-angle glaucoma, mild stage
 H40.10X2 Unspecified open-angle glaucoma, moderate stage
 H40.10X3 Unspecified open-angle glaucoma, severe stage
 H40.10X4 Unspecified open-angle glaucoma, indeterminate stage
 H40.1110 Primary open-angle glaucoma, right eye, stage unspecified
 H40.1111 Primary open-angle glaucoma, right eye, mild stage
 H40.1112 Primary open-angle glaucoma, right eye, moderate stage
 H40.1113 Primary open-angle glaucoma, right eye, severe stage
 H40.1114 Primary open-angle glaucoma, right eye, indeterminate stage
 H40.1120 Primary open-angle glaucoma, left eye, stage unspecified
 H40.1121 Primary open-angle glaucoma, left eye, mild stage
 H40.1122 Primary open-angle glaucoma, left eye, moderate stage
 H40.1123 Primary open-angle glaucoma, left eye, severe stage
 H40.1124 Primary open-angle glaucoma, left eye, indeterminate stage
 H40.1130 Primary open-angle glaucoma, bilateral, stage unspecified
 H40.1131 Primary open-angle glaucoma, bilateral, mild stage
 H40.1132 Primary open-angle glaucoma, bilateral, moderate stage
 H40.1133 Primary open-angle glaucoma, bilateral, severe stage
 H40.1134 Primary open-angle glaucoma, bilateral, indeterminate stage
 H40.1190 Primary open-angle glaucoma, unspecified eye, stage unspecified
Glaucoma services must be billed with one of the following diagnosis codes
 H40.1191 Primary open-angle glaucoma, unspecified eye, mild stage
 H40.1192 Primary open-angle glaucoma, unspecified eye, moderate stage
 H40.1193 Primary open-angle glaucoma, unspecified eye, severe stage
 H40.1194 Primary open-angle glaucoma, unspecified eye, indeterminate stage
 H40.1210 Low-tension glaucoma, right eye, stage unspecified
 H40.1211 Low-tension glaucoma, right eye, mild stage
 H40.1212 Low-tension glaucoma, right eye, moderate stage
 H40.1213 Low-tension glaucoma, right eye, severe stage
 H40.1214 Low-tension glaucoma, right eye, indeterminate stage
 H40.1220 Low-tension glaucoma, left eye, stage unspecified
 H40.1221 Low-tension glaucoma, left eye, mild stage
 H40.1222 Low-tension glaucoma, left eye, moderate stage
 H40.1223 Low-tension glaucoma, left eye, severe stage
 H40.1224 Low-tension glaucoma, left eye, indeterminate stage
 H40.1230 Low-tension glaucoma, bilateral, stage unspecified
 H40.1231 Low-tension glaucoma, bilateral, mild stage
 H40.1232 Low-tension glaucoma, bilateral, moderate stage
 H40.1233 Low-tension glaucoma, bilateral, severe stage
 H40.1234 Low-tension glaucoma, bilateral, indeterminate stage
 H40.1310 Pigmentary glaucoma, right eye, stage unspecified
 H40.1311 Pigmentary glaucoma, right eye, mild stage
 H40.1312 Pigmentary glaucoma, right eye, moderate stage
 H40.1313 Pigmentary glaucoma, right eye, severe stage
 H40.1314 Pigmentary glaucoma, right eye, indeterminate stage
 H40.1320 Pigmentary glaucoma, left eye, stage unspecified
 H40.1321 Pigmentary glaucoma, left eye, mild stage
 H40.1322 Pigmentary glaucoma, left eye, moderate stage
 H40.1323 Pigmentary glaucoma, left eye, severe stage
 H40.1324 Pigmentary glaucoma, left eye, indeterminate stage
 H40.1330 Pigmentary glaucoma, bilateral, stage unspecified
 H40.1331 Pigmentary glaucoma, bilateral, mild stage
 H40.1332 Pigmentary glaucoma, bilateral, moderate stage
 H40.1333 Pigmentary glaucoma, bilateral, severe stage
 H40.1334 Pigmentary glaucoma, bilateral, indeterminate stage
 H40.1410 Capsular glaucoma with pseudoexfoliation of lens, right eye, stage unspecified
 H40.1411 Capsular glaucoma with pseudoexfoliation of lens, right eye, mild stage
 H40.1412 Capsular glaucoma with pseudoexfoliation of lens, right eye, moderate stage
 H40.1413 Capsular glaucoma with pseudoexfoliation of lens, right eye, severe stage
 H40.1414 Capsular glaucoma with pseudoexfoliation of lens, right eye, indeterminate stage
 H40.1420 Capsular glaucoma with pseudoexfoliation of lens, left eye, stage unspecified
 H40.1421 Capsular glaucoma with pseudoexfoliation of lens, left eye, mild stage
 H40.1422 Capsular glaucoma with pseudoexfoliation of lens, left eye, moderate stage
 H40.1423 Capsular glaucoma with pseudoexfoliation of lens, left eye, severe stage
Glaucoma services must be billed with one of the following diagnosis codes
 H40.1424 Capsular glaucoma with pseudoexfoliation of lens, left eye, indeterminate stage
 H40.1430 Capsular glaucoma with pseudoexfoliation of lens, bilateral, stage unspecified
 H40.1431 Capsular glaucoma with pseudoexfoliation of lens, bilateral, mild stage
 H40.1432 Capsular glaucoma with pseudoexfoliation of lens, bilateral, moderate stage
 H40.1433 Capsular glaucoma with pseudoexfoliation of lens, bilateral, severe stage
 H40.1434 Capsular glaucoma with pseudoexfoliation of lens, bilateral, indeterminate stage
 H40.151 Residual stage of open-angle glaucoma, right eye
 H40.152 Residual stage of open-angle glaucoma, left eye
 H40.153 Residual stage of open-angle glaucoma, bilateral
 H40.20X0 Unspecified primary angle-closure glaucoma, stage unspecified
 H40.20X1 Unspecified primary angle-closure glaucoma, mild stage
 H40.20X2 Unspecified primary angle-closure glaucoma, moderate stage
 H40.20X3 Unspecified primary angle-closure glaucoma, severe stage
 H40.20X4 Unspecified primary angle-closure glaucoma, indeterminate stage
 H40.211 Acute angle-closure glaucoma, right eye
 H40.212 Acute angle-closure glaucoma, left eye
 H40.213 Acute angle-closure glaucoma, bilateral
 H40.2210 Chronic angle-closure glaucoma, right eye, stage unspecified
 H40.2211 Chronic angle-closure glaucoma, right eye, mild stage
 H40.2212 Chronic angle-closure glaucoma, right eye, moderate stage
 H40.2213 Chronic angle-closure glaucoma, right eye, severe stage
 H40.2214 Chronic angle-closure glaucoma, right eye, indeterminate stage
 H40.2220 Chronic angle-closure glaucoma, left eye, stage unspecified
 H40.2221 Chronic angle-closure glaucoma, left eye, mild stage
 H40.2222 Chronic angle-closure glaucoma, left eye, moderate stage
 H40.2223 Chronic angle-closure glaucoma, left eye, severe stage
 H40.2224 Chronic angle-closure glaucoma, left eye, indeterminate stage
 H40.2230 Chronic angle-closure glaucoma, bilateral, stage unspecified
 H40.2231 Chronic angle-closure glaucoma, bilateral, mild stage
 H40.2232 Chronic angle-closure glaucoma, bilateral, moderate stage
 H40.2233 Chronic angle-closure glaucoma, bilateral, severe stage
 H40.2234 Chronic angle-closure glaucoma, bilateral, indeterminate stage
 H40.231 Intermittent angle-closure glaucoma, right eye
 H40.232 Intermittent angle-closure glaucoma, left eye
 H40.233 Intermittent angle-closure glaucoma, bilateral
 H40.241 Residual stage of angle-closure glaucoma, right eye
 H40.242 Residual stage of angle-closure glaucoma, left eye
 H40.243 Residual stage of angle-closure glaucoma, bilateral
 H40.31X0 Glaucoma secondary to eye trauma, right eye, stage unspecified
 H40.31X1 Glaucoma secondary to eye trauma, right eye, mild stage
 H40.31X2 Glaucoma secondary to eye trauma, right eye, moderate stage
 H40.31X3 Glaucoma secondary to eye trauma, right eye, severe stage
 H40.31X4 Glaucoma secondary to eye trauma, right eye, indeterminate stage
Glaucoma services must be billed with one of the following diagnosis codes
 H40.32X0 Glaucoma secondary to eye trauma, left eye, stage unspecified
 H40.32X1 Glaucoma secondary to eye trauma, left eye, mild stage
 H40.32X2 Glaucoma secondary to eye trauma, left eye, moderate stage
 H40.32X3 Glaucoma secondary to eye trauma, left eye, severe stage
 H40.32X4 Glaucoma secondary to eye trauma, left eye, indeterminate stage
 H40.33X0 Glaucoma secondary to eye trauma, bilateral, stage unspecified
 H40.33X1 Glaucoma secondary to eye trauma, bilateral, mild stage
 H40.33X2 Glaucoma secondary to eye trauma, bilateral, moderate stage
 H40.33X3 Glaucoma secondary to eye trauma, bilateral, severe stage
 H40.33X4 Glaucoma secondary to eye trauma, bilateral, indeterminate stage
 H40.41X0 Glaucoma secondary to eye inflammation, right eye, stage unspecified
 H40.41X1 Glaucoma secondary to eye inflammation, right eye, mild stage
 H40.41X2 Glaucoma secondary to eye inflammation, right eye, moderate stage
 H40.41X3 Glaucoma secondary to eye inflammation, right eye, severe stage
 H40.41X4 Glaucoma secondary to eye inflammation, right eye, indeterminate stage
 H40.42X0 Glaucoma secondary to eye inflammation, left eye, stage unspecified
 H40.42X1 Glaucoma secondary to eye inflammation, left eye, mild stage
 H40.42X2 Glaucoma secondary to eye inflammation, left eye, moderate stage
 H40.42X3 Glaucoma secondary to eye inflammation, left eye, severe stage
 H40.42X4 Glaucoma secondary to eye inflammation, left eye, indeterminate stage
 H40.43X0 Glaucoma secondary to eye inflammation, bilateral, stage unspecified
 H40.43X1 Glaucoma secondary to eye inflammation, bilateral, mild stage
 H40.43X2 Glaucoma secondary to eye inflammation, bilateral, moderate stage
 H40.43X3 Glaucoma secondary to eye inflammation, bilateral, severe stage
 H40.43X4 Glaucoma secondary to eye inflammation, bilateral, indeterminate stage
 H40.51X0 Glaucoma secondary to other eye disorders, right eye, stage unspecified
 H40.51X1 Glaucoma secondary to other eye disorders, right eye, mild stage
 H40.51X2 Glaucoma secondary to other eye disorders, right eye, moderate stage
 H40.51X3 Glaucoma secondary to other eye disorders, right eye, severe stage
 H40.51X4 Glaucoma secondary to other eye disorders, right eye, indeterminate stage
 H40.52X0 Glaucoma secondary to other eye disorders, left eye, stage unspecified
 H40.52X1 Glaucoma secondary to other eye disorders, left eye, mild stage
 H40.52X2 Glaucoma secondary to other eye disorders, left eye, moderate stage
 H40.52X3 Glaucoma secondary to other eye disorders, left eye, severe stage
 H40.52X4 Glaucoma secondary to other eye disorders, left eye, indeterminate stage
 H40.53X0 Glaucoma secondary to other eye disorders, bilateral, stage unspecified
 H40.53X1 Glaucoma secondary to other eye disorders, bilateral, mild stage
 H40.53X2 Glaucoma secondary to other eye disorders, bilateral, moderate stage
 H40.53X3 Glaucoma secondary to other eye disorders, bilateral, severe stage
 H40.53X4 Glaucoma secondary to other eye disorders, bilateral, indeterminate stage
 H40.61X0 Glaucoma secondary to drugs, right eye, stage unspecified
 H40.61X1 Glaucoma secondary to drugs, right eye, mild stage
 H40.61X2 Glaucoma secondary to drugs, right eye, moderate stage
Glaucoma services must be billed with one of the following diagnosis codes
 H40.61X3 Glaucoma secondary to drugs, right eye, severe stage
 H40.61X4 Glaucoma secondary to drugs, right eye, indeterminate stage
 H40.62X0 Glaucoma secondary to drugs, left eye, stage unspecified
 H40.62X1 Glaucoma secondary to drugs, left eye, mild stage
 H40.62X2 Glaucoma secondary to drugs, left eye, moderate stage
 H40.62X3 Glaucoma secondary to drugs, left eye, severe stage
 H40.62X4 Glaucoma secondary to drugs, left eye, indeterminate stage
 H40.63X0 Glaucoma secondary to drugs, bilateral, stage unspecified
 H40.63X1 Glaucoma secondary to drugs, bilateral, mild stage
 H40.63X2 Glaucoma secondary to drugs, bilateral, moderate stage
 H40.63X3 Glaucoma secondary to drugs, bilateral, severe stage
 H40.63X4 Glaucoma secondary to drugs, bilateral, indeterminate stage
 H40.811 Glaucoma with increased episcleral venous pressure, right eye
 H40.812 Glaucoma with increased episcleral venous pressure, left eye
 H40.813 Glaucoma with increased episcleral venous pressure, bilateral
 H40.821 Hypersecretion glaucoma, right eye
 H40.822 Hypersecretion glaucoma, left eye
 H40.823 Hypersecretion glaucoma, bilateral
 H40.831 Aqueous misdirection, right eye
 H40.832 Aqueous misdirection, left eye
 H40.833 Aqueous misdirection, bilateral
 H40.89 Other specified glaucoma
 H40.9 Unspecified glaucoma
 H42 Glaucoma in diseases classified elsewhere
 Q15.0 Congenital glaucoma
 
 
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 SM 
Page 30
 Laser VisionCare Program
 VSP considers co-management to be an integral part of refractive surgery and encourages a co-management relationship between our VSP Laser VisionCare Doctors and Laser VisionCare
 Facilities. We understand there may be instances when a Laser VisionCare surgeon may determine that it would be in the patient’s best interest to provide preoperative and postoperative care;
 therefore, VSP allows co-management flexibility.
 VSP’s Laser VisionCare Program provides discounted access to facilities and surgeons for most VSP members who wish to pursue laser vision correction services. There are two plans: the
 standard Laser VisionCare Program (discount only) and the Laser VisionCare Preferred Program (discount with allowance towards procedure).
 Laser VisionCare Program (discount only)
 Members receive a complimentary screening as well as preoperative and postoperative services through participating VSP Network Doctors.
 The program includes discounted access to on-label applications of FDA-approved laser refractive procedures. Surgeries that involve implantation of retained medical device(s) (such as refractive
 lens exchange or corneal inlays) or manipulation of ocular tissue other than what is anticipated during traditional laser vision correction are not included (such as corneal cross-linking or scleral
directed therapies) even if performed in conjunction with an on-label, approved laser vision correction procedure. Likewise, refractive procedures performed in conjunction with a clinical trial are
 deemed to be experimental and are not part of this program.
 Members receive the contracted discount amount. Or, if the laser center is offering a temporary price reduction, VSP members will receive 5% off the advertised price, if it is less than the usual
 discount price.
 After discount, patients should not pay more than the following amounts:
 PRK: $1,500 per eye
 LASIK: $1,800 per eye
 Custom LASIK, Custom PRK or Bladeless LASIK: $2,300 per eye
 All other procedures, including SMILE and Contoura, patients pay the contracted discount amount or 5% off the advertised price, if lower than the usual discount price
 Laser VisionCare Preferred Program
 In addition to discounted pricing available through the Laser VisionCare Program, the patient receives an allowance that may be applied to the cost of surgery. The allowance is provided through
 one of the following two options:
 Per eye allowance: This option enables the member to receive an allowance toward the cost of surgery for each eye, once per eye per lifetime.
 Total allowance: This option enables the member to receive an allowance toward the cost of surgery regardless if it is on one or both eyes, once per lifetime.
 Note: 
Information about the Laser VisionCare Program is available to members and consumers at vsp.com.
 Patient Communication
 The Laser VisionCare Program emphasizes the need for a patient to visit a VSP Laser VisionCare doctor to initiate services. If you are not participating in the Laser VisionCare Program and a VSP
 patient inquiries about receiving services under the program, refer the patient to vsp.com or Member Services. To participate in the Laser VisionCare Program, refer to the Enrollment/Doctor
 Participation section. 
VSP contracts only with facilities and surgeons who meet our stringent quality standards. Please don’t refer members to facilities that are not in VSP’s network. Members of the LVC
 Preferred Program often have no benefit for out-of-network services, or a reduced allowance amount available. There is no guaranteed discount on services received from an out-of-network
 provider.
 Determining Eligibility
 Select View Plans in the Check Patient Eligibility area on eyefinity.com. If eligible, you will see one of the two plans listed:
 Laser VisionCare Program–Discounted Services Only (nearly all VSP patients are eligible)
 Laser VisionCare Preferred Program
 LASIK: Allowance amount $XXX (per eye or both eyes)
 PRK: Allowance amount $XXX (per eye or both eyes)
 Custom LASIK, Custom PRK, Contoura, SMILE, or other approved procedures: Allowance amount $XXX (per eye or both eyes)
 Note: 
Services are available once per eye per member’s lifetime unless otherwise indicated
 Complimentary Screening
 Evaluate the patient’s viability for surgery. At a minimum, you are required to determine refractive error and briefly discuss laser vision correction. Laser surgery can’t be guaranteed, until a
 complete preoperative exam has been performed.
 Preoperative Exam
 If you and the patient agree to proceed, perform a complete preoperative exam to obtain all clinical data required by the facility.
 Facility Selection
 After completing all preoperative testing, assist the patient in selecting a VSP-contracted facility and surgeon with whom you are affiliated. The facility confirms eligibility and is provided with a
 tracking number. This number is used for the Laser VisionCare Preferred Program claim submissions or for the collection of encounter data where the patient does not have an allowance.
 Surgery
 The patient is responsible for paying the facility the discounted surgery fee (less the allowance if covered by the Preferred Program). The surgery is performed at the facility by a VSP Laser
 VisionCare surgeon. Patient out-of-pocket expenses are not to exceed the stated maximums for PRK, LASIK, Custom PRK, Custom LASIK and Bladeless LASIK.
 Postoperative Care
 VSP Laser VisionCare patients should return to you for postoperative care as soon as you and the surgeon, along with the patient, agree it is appropriate.
 ®
 Inform the patient about the importance of regular exams after their surgery. And don’t forget—most VSP Signature Plan patients can use their frame benefit for plano sunglasses (off the
 board or office stocked) after their surgery.
Note: 
For frame-only claim submissions, bill with diagnosis code Z46.0 (Encounter for fitting and adjustment of spectacles and contact lenses) to ensure correct claims processing.
 Claim Submission/Encounter Data
 The facility is required to submit CMS-1500 form data to VSP electronically.
 Compensation
 The facility is responsible for paying you and the surgeon.
 Billing
 Services provided as part of the Laser VisionCare process can’t be billed against the members’ routine benefits.
 There is no charge to the patient for complimentary screening and no doctor compensation is offered, even if the patient chooses not to proceed with the surgery after the screening.
 Compensation for preoperative and postoperative services is disbursed to you by the facility as part of the global fee. Do not submit a claim to VSP for services.
 If the patient receives a preoperative exam and chooses not to proceed with the surgery, or if you determine that the patient is not a viable candidate then:
 If the patient has Preferred Program coverage, coordinate with the facility to submit a claim to VSP for this exam.
 If the patient does not have Preferred Program coverage, you may bill the patient for the exam at 75% of your U&C fee up to $100. There should be no charge to the patient if you would not
 customarily charge a private patient for this exam.
 To participate in VSP’s Laser VisionCare Program, you should:
 Maintain current TPA certification, as applicable for your state.
 Find a participating facility on VSPOnline.
 Contact facility directly to become affiliated. It is the facility’s responsibility to offer laser vision correction training at no cost and to inform VSP of all changes in affiliation.
 It is your responsibility to learn the facility’s reimbursement policies, including compensatory fees for preoperative and postoperative services, prior to the affiliation process. All Laser VisionCare
 compensation is disbursed directly to you by the facility.
 Once you become affiliated with a Laser VisionCare facility, the facility will explain their process for coordinating patient care. Like reimbursement, this process will vary from facility to facility.
 After you are affiliated with a Laser VisionCare facility, you should contact providernetworkdevelopment@vsp.com to update your profile on vsp.com.
Page 31
 Low Vision
 Visual acuity of 20/70 or worse in at least one eye
 Visual field of 20 degrees or less
 Hemianopsia diagnosis listed below
 Diagnosis listed below
 Plano lenses (excepting lenses for patients with photophobia, as noted above)
 Fitovers/cocoons/clip-ons
 Electronic books
 Computers with voice-enhanced software
 VSP’s Low Vision plan offers members low vision exams and low vision aids, up to a specified maximum, every two service years. Pre-service verification is required. Submit a Low Vision
 Verification Form.
 A low vision evaluation is covered for members who present with moderate, severe, or profound visual impairment. A low vision evaluation includes, but is not limited to, a detailed case history,
 effectiveness of any low vision aids in use, visual acuity in each eye with best spectacle correction, steadiness of fixation, assessment of aids required for distance vision and near vision,
 evaluation of any supplemental aids, evaluation of therapeutic filters, development of treatment, counseling of patient, and advice to patient’s family (if appropriate).
 Note: 
The diagnosis code describes the level of visual impairment in each eye. The AMA defines the level of visual impairment using best corrected visual acuity (BCVA) and/or visual field limitation. For
 example, severe visual impairment ranges are BCVA from 20/200 to 20/400, or visual field of 20 degrees or less, whichever is worse. Profound visual impairment ranges are BCVA 20/500 to
 20/1000, or visual field of 10 degrees or less. VSP follows these guidelines for low vision coverage.
 To qualify for Low Vision Coverage, one the following must be met:
 Low Vision Diagnosis Codes
 ICD-10 Description ICD-10 Description
 H53.461 Homonymous bilateral field defects, right side (homonymous altitudinal hemianopia) H54.2X12 Low vision right eye category 1, low vision left eye category 2
 H53.462 Homonymous bilateral field defects, left side (homonymous altitudinal hemianopia) H54.2X21 Low vision right eye category 2, low vision left eye category 1
 H53.47 Heteronymous bilateral field defects (hemianopsia) H54.2X22 Low vision right eye category 2, low vision left eye category 2
 H54.10 Blindness, one eye, low vision other eye, unspecified eyes H54.3 Unqualified visual loss, both eyes
 H54.1131 Blindness right eye category 3, low vision left eye category 1 H54.40 Blindness, one eye, unspecified eye
 H54.1132 Blindness right eye category 3, low vision left eye category 2 H54.413A Blindness right eye category 3, normal vision left eye
 H54.1141 Blindness right eye category 4, low vision left eye category 1 H54.414A Blindness right eye category 4, normal vision left eye
 H54.1142 Blindness right eye category 4, low vision left eye category 2 H54.415A Blindness right eye category 5, normal vision left eye
 H54.1151 Blindness right eye category 5, low vision left eye category 1 H54.42A3 Blindness left eye category 3, normal vision right eye
 H54.1152 Blindness right eye category 5, low vision left eye category 2 H54.42A4 Blindness left eye category 4, normal vision right eye
 H54.1213 Low vision right eye category 1, blindness left eye category 3 H54.42A5 Blindness left eye category 5, normal vision right eye
 H54.1214 Low vision right eye category 1, blindness left eye category 4 H54.50 Low vision, one eye, unspecified eye
 H54.1215 Low vision right eye category 1, blindness left eye category 5 H54.511A Low vision right eye category 1, normal vision left eye
 H54.1223 Low vision right eye category 2, blindness left eye category 3 H54.512A Low vision right eye category 2, normal vision left eye
 H54.1224 Low vision right eye category 2, blindness left eye category 4 H54.52A1 Low vision left eye category 1, normal vision right eye
 H54.1225 Low vision right eye category 2, blindness left eye category 5 H54.52A2 Low vision left eye category 2, normal vision right eye
 H54.2X11 Low vision right eye category 1, low vision left eye category 1 H54.8 Legal blindness, as defined in USA
 NOTE: 
Members with photophobia (visual discomfort H53.141 right eye, H53.142 left eye, H53.143 bilateral) are eligible for sun filters. Lenses do not have to meet the VSP minimum prescription
 requirements; Low Vision requirements still apply. Must meet Low Vision requirements to qualify in conjunction with photophobia.
 Don’t use the Low Vision benefit to provide conventional glasses or additional contact lenses. Lenses covered under the Low Vision plan must be either specialty low vision lenses, or glasses
 specifically designed for use in conjunction with low vision aids. VSP’s minimum prescription requirements apply. Please include a manufacturer’s invoice when submitting a Low Vision
 Verification Form.
 If your patient meets the benefit criteria above and is eligible for low vision benefits, obtain a case number. To get one, complete a Low Vision Verification Form. A copy of the invoice or catalog
 page is needed for each low vision aid requested. Fax the form to 916.851.4733. Or mail this form to: VSP Vision, Attention: Claim Services, PO Box 495907, Cincinnati, OH 45249-5907. You can
 find this form under the Forms section of the Administration menu on VSPOnline on eyefinity.com, or in the Tools and Forms section of this manual.
 Signature Plan and VSP Choice Service Allowance: $1,000 maximum benefit every two service years.
 The maximum benefit includes coverage for two supplemental exams*. The remaining allowance is for materials.
 *VSP covers additional exams if benefit dollars are available.
 Coverage includes two low vision supplemental exams every two service years. We’ll pay up to $125 for each exam. Don’t balance bill for this service. There’s no copay.
 Coverage includes an allowance for low vision aids every two years, including prescription services and optical aids. Your patient must pay any overages.
 Non-covered low vision aids include, but are not limited to, the following items:
 Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
Watches with large dials
 Lamps
 Signature Plan and VSP Choice Plan: We’ll pay 75% of the covered amount up to $1,000 (minus any amount paid for supplemental exams) for each person every two service years. Bill your
 patient for the remaining 25% of the covered amount, plus any amount over the maximum benefit.
 Patients with Sight for Students Gift Certificates: We'll pay 100% of the allowed amount up to $1,000 for each person every two service years.
 Elements: VSP pays 100% of the billed amount. No maximum. No copay.
 Medicaid: VSP pays 100% of the billed amount up to fee schedule. No copay or charge to the member for covered services. Based on state guidelines, refer to Medicaid Fee Schedule.
 Submit Low Vision claims using our electronic claims submission system. You’ll need an authorization number, which can be found on the Benefit Authorization notice. Indicate the case number
 in Box 23 located on the Diagnosis and Services screen.
 For proper payment, bill all covered services with the appropriate CPT or HCPCS codes from this list.
 Low Vision Evaluation
 92499
 Unlisted ophthalmological service or procedure
 Fitting of Low Vision Aids (not reimbursed separately; payment is bundled with aids)
 92354
 92355
 Fitting of spectacle mounted low vision aid; single element system
 Fitting of spectacle mounted low vision aid; telescopic or other compound lens system
 Low Vision Aids
 V2600
 V2610
 V2615
 Hand held low vision aids and other nonspectacle mounted aids
 Single lens spectacle mounted low vision aids
 Telescopic and other compound lens system, including distance vision telescopic, near vision telescopes and compound microscopic lens system
 Note: 
Low vision claims must be submitted on a separate claim from routine vision. CPT and HCPCS codes are not selectable from the drop-down box and must be manually entered.
 See Services Subject to Review/Audit for information regarding material record keeping requirements.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 32
 Vision Therapy
 Evaluations for qualified conditions are to be submitted directly through eClaim with the appropriate diagnosis codes indicated.
 Sessions for a patient who meets the benefit criteria and is eligible for Vision Therapy are authorized when you obtain a case number. To get one, complete a Vision Therapy Verification Form.
 Fax it to 916.851.4733, or mail the form to: VSP Vision, Attention: Claim Services, PO Box 495907, Cincinnati, OH 45249-5907. You can also find this form under Benefit Administration in the
 Forms Library section of the Administration menu on VSPOnline at eyefinity.com or in the Tools and Forms Index within the Tools and Forms section of this manual.
 Evaluations
 We’ll pay a maximum of $85 for one approved sensorimotor exam per service year. You may not balance bill the patient for any amount over the approved amount. The $85 maximum per year
 for the exam is not included in the $750 yearly vision therapy allowance described below.
 Sessions
 The number of vision therapy sessions is dependent upon pre-established benefit criteria, indicated on the Benefit Authorization Notice along with the case number. This information is available
 after we receive your completed Vision Therapy Verification Form.
 For orthoptic and/or pleoptic training (therapy sessions) the maximum allowed is $750 annually. VSP pays 75% of allowed amount, patient's responsibility is 25%. Additional sessions beyond
 those covered by us are a private transaction between you and your patient.
 Max allowable per session up to $50, VSP pays 75%, patient is responsible for 25%.
 Note:  
VSP pays 100% of the allowable amount for vision therapy sessions provided to patients with an Eyes of Hope gift certificate.
 Patients with Eyes of Hope Gift Certificates: In addition to the sensorimotor exam, we'll pay 100% of the allowed amount for vision therapy sessions up to $750 for each person per service
 year. The patient does not have to pay the 25% patient fee.
 Medicaid: VSP pays 100% of the billed amount up to fee schedule. No copay or charge to the member for covered services. Based on state guidelines, refer to Medicaid Fee Schedule.
 For Vision Therapy sessions, include the authorization number from the Benefit Authorization notice in Box 23 located on the Diagnosis and Services screen on eClaim. Also include one of the
 CPT procedure codes and an appropriate diagnosis code from the tables below:
 Note: 
Vision therapy claims must be submitted on a separate claim from routine vision. CPT and HCPCS codes are not selectable from the drop-down box and must be manually entered.
 Sensorimotor Exam
 92060
 Sensorimotor examination with multiple measurements of ocular deviation, with interpretation and report.
 Vision therapy evaluation (to report use CPT code 92060) is allowable for the following diagnoses
CD-10-CM Description
 H50.06 Alternating esotropia with A pattern
 H50.07 Alternating esotropia with V pattern
 H50.111 Monocular exotropia, right eye
 H50.112 Monocular exotropia, left eye
 H50.141 Monocular exotropia with other noncomitancies, right eye
 H50.142 Monocular exotropia with other noncomitancies, left eye
 H50.15 Alternating exotropia
 H50.18 Alternating exotropia with other noncomitancies
 H50.30 Unspecified intermittent heterotropia
 H50.311 Intermittent monocular esotropia, right eye
 H50.312 Intermittent monocular esotropia, left eye
 H50.32 Intermittent alternating esotropia
 H50.331 Intermittent monocular exotropia, right eye
 H50.332 Intermittent monocular exotropia, left eye
 H50.34 Intermittent alternating exotropia
 H50.51 Esophoria
 H50.52 Exophoria
 H51.11 Convergence insufficiency
 H51.12 Convergence excess
 H51.8 Other specified disorders of binocular movement
 H53.32 Fusion with defective stereopsis
 H55.81 Saccadic eye movements
 H55.82 Deficient smooth pursuit eye movements
 H55.89 Other irregular eye movements
 Vision Therapy Sessions
 92065 Orthoptic training
 92066 Orthoptic training under the supervision of a physician
 Vision therapy sessions (to report use CPT code 92065 or 92066) are allowable for the following diagnoses:
ICD-10-CM Code Description
 H50.041 Monocular esotropia with other noncomitancies, right eye
 H50.042 Monocular esotropia with other noncomitancies, left eye
 H50.05 Alternating esotropia
 H50.06 Alternating esotropia with A pattern
 H50.07 Alternating esotropia with V pattern
 H50.10 Unspecified exotropia
 H50.111 Monocular exotropia, right eye
 H50.112 Monocular exotropia, left eye
 H50.141 Monocular exotropia with other noncomitancies, right eye
 H50.142 Monocular exotropia with other noncomitancies, left eye
 H50.15 Alternating exotropia
 H50.18 Alternating exotropia with other noncomitancies
 H50.21 Vertical strabismus, right eye
 H50.22 Vertical strabismus, left eye
 H50.30 Unspecified intermittent heterotropia
 H50.311 Intermittent monocular esotropia, right eye
 H50.312 Intermittent monocular esotropia, left eye
 H50.32 Intermittent alternating esotropia
 H50.331 Intermittent monocular exotropia, right eye
 H50.332 Intermittent monocular exotropia, left eye
 H50.34 Intermittent alternating exotropia
 H50.40 Unspecified heterotropia
 H50.411 Cyclotropia, right eye
 H50.412 Cyclotropia, left eye
 H50.42 Monofixation syndrome
 H50.43 Accommodative component in esotropia
 H50.51 Esophoria
 H50.52 Exophoria
 H50.53 Vertical heterophoria
 H50.54 Cyclophoria
 H50.55 Alternating heterophoria
 H51.0 Palsy (spasm) of conjugate gaze
 H51.11 Convergence insufficiency
 H51.12 Convergence excess
 H51.8 Other specified disorders of binocular movement
 H52.511 Internal ophthalmoplegia (complete) (total), right eye
 H52.512 Internal ophthalmoplegia (complete) (total), left eye
 H52.513 Internal ophthalmoplegia (complete) (total), bilateral
 H52.521 Paresis of accommodation, right eye
 H52.522 Paresis of accommodation, left eye
 H52.523 Paresis of accommodation, bilateral
 H52.531 Spasm of accommodation, right eye
 H52.532 Spasm of accommodation, left eye
ICD-10-CM Code Description
 H52.533 Spasm of accommodation, bilateral
 H53.011 Deprivation amblyopia, right eye
 H53.012 Deprivation amblyopia, left eye
 H53.013 Deprivation amblyopia, bilateral
 H53.021 Refractive amblyopia, right eye
 H53.022 Refractive amblyopia, left eye
 H53.023 Refractive amblyopia, bilateral
 H53.031 Strabismic amblyopia, right eye
 H53.032 Strabismic amblyopia, left eye
 H53.033 Strabismic amblyopia, bilateral
 H53.30 Unspecified disorder of binocular vision
 H53.32 Fusion with defective stereopsis
 H53.33 Simultaneous visual perception without fusion
 H53.34 Suppression of binocular vision
 H55.01 Congenital nystagmus
 H55.02 Latent nystagmus
 H55.03 Visual deprivation nystagmus
 H55.81 Saccadic eye movements
 H55.82 Deficient smooth pursuit eye movements
 H55.89 Other irregular eye movements
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 33
 Interim Benefits
 Interim Benefits covers services or materials for your patients when they’re not eligible for services or materials under the core plan, and there’s a significant prescription change. Interim
 benefits criteria may vary from client to client. Check your patient’s interim benefits by calling VSP at 800.615.1883 before providing services or materials. Interim Benefits may be covered for
 exam, frame, and additional pairs of lenses, including elective contact lenses.
 Exam
 Exams are approved only if your patient has interim
 benefits for exams and the change in prescription
 meets the criteria outlined under “Lenses.”
 Lenses
 New lenses are allowed if:
 your patient has interim
 benefits;
 your patient meets the
 criteria for interim lens
 coverage;
 you’ve received
 authorization for interim
 lenses.
 Frames
 A new frame is allowed only if your patient has interim benefits for frames and interim lenses have
 been approved.
 Depending on your patient’s coverage, frame benefits may be limited to lost or broken frames, or
 to prescription changes requiring a frame of a different shape or size. If a frame is approved, the
 benefit is limited to your patient’s core plan wholesale/retail frame allowanc
 Inform your patients that they must pay for services and/or materials provided if they:
 Don’t qualify for the services or materials requested;
 Don’t have interim benefits for the services or materials requested;
 Have interim benefits but don’t meet the interim services/materials criteria;
 Have recently received laser vision correction surgery, as they are not entitled to use Interim Benefits.
 Contact VSP at 800.615.1883 to obtain an authorization for interim benefits. You may need your patient’s previous and new prescription, plus the current visual acuity achieved with each
 prescription. If approved, you’ll get an authorization number.
Page 34
 Telemedicine
 All telemedicine services must have patient verbal or written consent (based on state) and documentation of their consent prior to rendering remote services.
 All images and/or videos used to make a diagnosis are required to be saved for future reference.
 Standard billing and documentation requirements must be followed for both remote and in-office services.
 Use the most appropriate CPT code that supports the service completed and appropriate modifier, when billing.
 The following services may be billed under Essential Medical Eye Care Plan and Diabetic Eyecare Plus Program when delivered remotely:
 Telemedicine is the delivery of health care services using telecommunication technology to facilitate the diagnosis, consultation, treatment, education, care management and self-management of
 a patient’s health care. This can include real-time (synchronous) interactions between patient and provider, asynchronous (capture, store, and forward) review of patient health information
 and/or remote patient monitoring.
 As telecommunications, information and medical technologies advance, opportunities for patients to access health care services via non-traditional settings continue to develop, particularly
 allowing patients in underserved or remote locations to access medical expertise quickly, efficiently and without travel. Additionally, telemedicine has the potential to enhance doctor-patient
 relationships, support ongoing care and monitoring of eye health conditions, encourage office visits when needed, improve patient engagement in treatment plans for better health outcomes
 and reduce costs.
 VSP supports delivery of appropriate medical eye care services via telehealth channels to supplement access to quality vision care, including evaluating opportunities to further connect
 members and doctors and enable providers to practice to the full scope of their licensure, utilizing telehealth channels, when appropriate.
 ®
 Prior to rendering telemedicine service, inform the beneficiary, obtain consent (verbal or written based individual state requirements), and maintain appropriate documentation. Best practice is
 written consent.
 Only offer telemedicine services in states where you are licensed and practice only when permissible by federal, state and local laws within your scope of licensure – you do not have to sign up
 with VSP for telemedicine for Billable Services outlined below. If you choose, you can designate your practice as offering telemedicine services using the Office Special Interest form
 on VSPOnline on eyefinity.com, which will display these services are available to members on the Find a Doctor Directory on vsp.com.
 VSP reimburses providers for medical eye care services delivered via telehealth channels, including specific CPT codes covered under the Essential Medical Eye Care and Diabetic Eyecare Plus
 Program (only for appropriate conditions covered under the corresponding plan). Use your professional judgement to determine if a benefit or service is clinically appropriate to be provided
 via telehealth, subject to consent by the patient; allow or recommend alternate delivery options, when appropriate. Check with your liability insurance to verify if it covers telemedicine services,
 for your protection.
 SM
 Billable Services
 Please reference the VSP CPT codes and information in the following chart to continue providing appropriate medical eye care services to your patients via telemedicine channels. Complete CPT
 code details are available under the Essential Medical Eye Care and Diabetic Eyecare Plus Program detail pages.
 Remember:
 CPT Code
 Range
 Brief Summary Description
 92002, 92004 Ophthalmological services: medical examination and evaluation, new patient
 bill the CPT code with a GQ or 95 modifier, as appropriate
 92012, 92014 Ophthalmological services: medical examination and evaluation, established patient
 bill the CPT code with a GQ or 95 modifier, as appropriate.
 99202-99205 Office/outpatient visit, new patient evaluation and management service
 bill the CPT code with a GQ or 95 modifier, as appropriate.
 99211-99215 Office/outpatient visit, established patient evaluation and management service
 bill the CPT code with a GQ or 95 modifier, as appropriate.
 99216 Virtual visit/check-in, evaluation and management service, for an established patient, for up to 7 days, cumulative time during the 7 days; 5-10 minutes.
 99421-99423 On-line digital evaluation and management service, for up to 7 days
 established patient, patient initiated
 only billable once per patient per seven-day period per chief complaint,
 cannot result in another evaluation and management service within 24 hours.
 99446-99449,
 99451
 Interprofessional telephone/internet assessment, including health record assessment, by consulting provider or other qualified health care professional, including a verbal
 and written report to the patient’s treating/requesting physician or other qualified health care professional.
 only billable once per patient per seven-day period,
 not allowed if you have seen the patient directly within past 14 days.
 99452 Interprofessional telephone/internet/electronic health record referral service(s) provided by a treating/requesting physician
 only billable once per patient per seven-day period.
 Copays
 Copays, if required, apply to exams only (92002-92014, 99202-99205, 99211-99215, 99421-99423). You will receive your VSP payable fee for the service provided, less the copay.
 Other Approved Services
 For patients with Vision Therapy coverage, vision therapy sessions (CPT code 92065) can be billed when performed remotely. Be sure to refer to the Patient Record Report for coverage details.
 CPT Code Range Brief Summary Description
 92065 Orthoptic and/or pleoptic training, with continuing medical direction and evaluation
 bill the CPT code with a GQ or 95 modifier, as appropriate.
 Eligibility & Submitting Claims
 Telemedicine services may be billed under the Essential Medical Eyecare and Diabetic Eyecare Plus Program (only for appropriate conditions covered under the corresponding plan). Check the
 Patient Record Report to confirm if the patient has one of these plans.
 Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
Enter the specific procedure code and related diagnosis code(s), when completing the claim online or manually on the CMS-1500 Claim Form.
 When applicable, bill the diagnosis code with the correct eye location: left, right or bilateral.
 Bill the CPT code with a modifier to indicate the modality it was rendered, 95 synchronous or GQ asynchronous, as appropriate.
 Note:
 VSP recognizes but does not currently support Place of Service (POS) code 02 for reporting telehealth services rendered from a distant site except when submitted on paper as a secondary for
 coordination of benefits. Additionally, VSP recognizes but does not currently support POS code 10 for reporting telehealth services provided in a patient’s home.
 Note:
 Modifiers GQ or 95 are used instead to identify telehealth services, as appropriate. Modifiers are used for information purposes only.
 Standard timely filing guidelines apply
 Patients choosing non-covered services should be informed of any out-of-pocket cost and asked to sign the Patient Responsibility Statement prior to receiving services. You can find the form
 under the Forms section of the Administration menu on VSPOnline on eyefinity.com.
 Coordination of Benefits
 Essential Medical Eye Care and Diabetic Eyecare Plus Program provide supplemental medical eye care coverage to VSP patients. These plans are secondary to other medical eye insurance
 coverage that may reimburse you, if you are a participating provider with the patient’s medical plan. Standard coordination of benefit guidelines apply. Please refer to Coordination of Benefits in
 this section for more information.
 Reimbursement
 Telemedicine services follow the appropriate payment guidelines of the benefit being billed, which include Essential Medical Eye Care, Diabetic Eyecare Plus Program and Vision Therapy.
 Technology
 Use your professional judgement when selecting the appropriate telemedicine equipment, platform and technology used, adhering to federal, state and local laws to ensure patient health,
 safety and privacy are protected.
 Be sure to document the technology used when performing remote care.
 Providers must use equipment and data collection techniques consistent with or exceeding the accepted standards of care for in-person eye care services. (Equipment, platforms, and
 technology vendors used is up to provider’s discretion, same as today for in-person equipment),
 Systems/processes must meet regulatory compliance for confidentiality, protecting patient’s right to medical information and privacy using HIPAA/HITECH-secure channels.
Eye Exams
 6
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 35
 Eye Exams
 In compliance with the clinical standards of the American Optometric Association and the American Academy of Ophthalmology, an eye exam should include, and is not limited to, the following
 components:
 Components of a VSP WellVision Exam
 Case History
 Entrance
 Exams
 Refractive
 Status
 Evaluation
 Ocular
 Health
 Assessment
 Chief complaint or reason for the visit
 Medical history and review of systems
 Ocular history including family ocular and systemic history
 Prescription and over the counter medications and supplements
 Allergies and reactions
 Social history including visual demands for work and school
 External ocular examination
 Visual acuity with and without habitual correction
 Extra ocular motility and vergences
 Screening visual fields
 Pupillary evaluations assessment of afferent and efferent
 neurological pathways 
Tonometry 
Routine distance and near objective and subjective refraction
 Lensometry, as applicable
 Keratometry
 Additional accommodative and vergence testing is at the discretion
 of the provider.
 Assessment
 and Plan
 Biomicroscopy including fundus evaluation
 Direct ophthalmoscopy or binocular indirect ophthalmoscopy
 Dilated fundus examination
 Document all clinical findings, not limited to chief complaint, and
 recommendation(s) for treatment plan in patient’s chart notes
 Patient is under the care of another practitioner
 Patient has a history of adverse or allergic reaction to mydriatic eye drops
 In some cases, to support the best possible health outcomes for your patient, you may need to refer
 your patient to their primary care provider or other eye care specialist. If you determine your VSP
 patient needs care coordination, please refer the patient to their medical insurance plan with a copy
 of your referral, including a relevant summary of your examination findings. Retain a copy of any
 referral correspondence in your patient’s records or file. To assist with this communication, we
 provide the optional Primary Care Physician Communication Form which may be accessed in
 the Forms Library section of the Administration area on VSPOnline.
 VSP covers evaluation and management services for patients who have Essential Medical Eye Care as
 part of their VSP plan. Please refer to Current Procedural Terminology (CPT) guidelines maintained
 by the American Medical Association (AMA) for additional information related to evaluation and
 management services.
 The American Diabetes Association, American Optometric Association, and American Academy of
 Ophthalmology recommend that patients with diabetes receive an annual dilated eye exam. A
 dilated retinal eye exam is also a measure of clinical quality designated by the National Committee
 for Quality Assurance (NCQA).
 In support of this standard of care, VSP highly recommends patients with diabetes receive a dilated
 retinal eye exam.
 We recognize that at times there are good reasons for not providing a dilated exam. In those cases,
 medical record documentation of the rationale for not performing dilation is required. Examples
 include:
 Patient refused
 Dilated exam was performed within the last 12 months
 Patient scheduled dilation for a later date
 VSP requires network doctors to share dilated or retinal eye exam results with the patient’s primary care provider (PCP) or the physician managing diabetes care. This communication not only
 ensures continuity of care but also highlights your role in the healthcare continuum and your involvement in the treatment of patients with diabetes and other health conditions. To assist you
 with this communication, we provide the optional Primary Care Provider Communication Form which may be accessed in the Forms Library section of the Administration area on VSPOnline.
 Please refer to the HEDIS for Quality Measures section for additional information on VSP’s standards of care in diabetes.
 Note: 
Retinal imaging does not replace a dilated eye exam as the standard of care for a patient with diabetes.
Page 36
 Pediatric Eye Exams
 Visual and ocular history
 Prenatal, perinatal, and postnatal general health
 history
 Current medications and medication allergies
 Family eye and medical histories
 Child’s developmental history
 Time spent outdoors, on near work and screen
 viewing
 Names of, contact information for, patient’s other
 health care providers
 External exam
 Biomicroscopy (anterior segment photos are separate procedures. They’re not acceptable in place of biomicroscopy without
 separate documentation of anterior segment findings)
 Internal/Fundus exam including direct and/or indirect ophthalmoscopy with or without pupillary dilation and at minimum, a
 numerical notation of cup-to-disc ratio documented for each eye*
 Pupillary reflexes
 Binocularity – ocular alignment (cover test, Hirschberg, Krimsky, Bruckner, Stereopsis, near point of convergence) Any of test is
 sufficient
 Ocular motility/Versions (must be recorded separately from binocular function testing)
 Tonometry (Tactile) – If child is cooperative
 Screening visual fields/confrontations at doctor’s discretion
 Fixation preference tests
 Bruckner’s test
 Preferential looking visual acuity test
 Fix and follow and Visual evoked potential
 Cycloplegic retinoscopy
 Static retinoscopy
 Identification and description of the chief
 complaint
 Visual and ocular history
 Prenatal, perinatal, and postnatal general health
 history and review of systems
 Current medications and medication allergies
 Family eye and medical histories
 Child’s developmental history
 Time spent outdoors, on sports activities, on near
 work and screen viewing
 Names of, and contact information for, the
 patient’s other health care providers
 External exam
 Biomicroscopy (anterior segment photos are separate procedures. They’re not acceptable in place of biomicroscopy without
 separate documentation of anterior segment findings)
 Internal/Fundus exam including direct and/or indirect ophthalmoscopy with or without pupillary dilation and at minimum, a
 numerical notation of cup-to-disc ratio documented for each eye*
 Pupillary reflexes
 Ocular motility/Versions (must be recorded separately from binocular function testing)
 Binocularity – ocular alignment at distance and near (cover test, Hirschberg, Krimsky, Stereopsis,near point of convergence, Positive
 and Negative Fusional Vergence, Accomodative convergence) Any one test is sufficient
 Screening visual fields/confrontations at doctor’s discretion
 Color Vision Testing – Once in lifetime
 Tonometry – if child is cooperative
 Broken wheel acuity cards
 Lighthouse cards with matching blocks
 HOTV test
 Tumbling E chart
 Snellen acuity chart
 Lea symbols and Sloan letters
 Static retinoscopy
 Cycloplegic retinoscopy
 You can perform independent diagnostic and treatment procedures if a child’s history indicates a development lag or learning problem. Please refer to the Supplemental Testing section.
 Note: 
You can bill the following services at the comprehensive exam level if all parts of the age-related exam are completed and documented.
 The medical record should be complete and legible, and each encounter should include the date of service and legible identity of the provider performing the service and their signature or
 electronic identifier. The patient’s medical record is considered incomplete without the doctor’s authentication that the information is a true and accurate representation of the service provided.
 Case History and Visual System Health
 Case History Visual System Health Status Evaluation
  
*Note: Fundus photos and optomap retinal exams are separate procedures. They’re not acceptable in place of performing direct or
 indirect ophthalmoscopy.
 ®
 Refractive Status Evaluation
 Entering and Best Corrected Visual Acuity
 Suggested measure of acuity assessment, not limited to the following (recorded monocularly):
 Refraction or Autorefraction
  
Case History and Visual System Health
 Case History Visual System Health Status Evaluation
  
*Note: Fundus photos and optomap are separate procedures. They’re not acceptable in place of performing direct or indirect
 ophthalmoscopy.
 ®
 Refractive Status Evaluation
 Entering and Best Corrected Visual Acuity Refraction or Autorefraction Accommodation
 Suggested measure of quantitative acuity, not
 limited to the following (recorded monocularly):
 At least one, with corrected visual
 acuity as stated at left:
 Accomodative Function is a guideline based on the doctor’s professional judgment and not an
 exam requirement. Any near point accommodation testing is performed when clinically indicated.
 Case History and Visual System Health
 Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
Identification and description of the chief
 complaint
 Visual and ocular history
 Prenatal, perinatal, and postnatal general health
 history
 Current medications and medication allergies
 Family eye and medical histories
 Child’s developmental history
 School performance history
 Time spent outdoors, on sports activities, on near
 work and screen viewing
 Names of, and contact information for, the
 patient’s other health care providers
 External exam
 Biomicroscopy (anterior segment photos are separate procedures. They’re not acceptable in place of biomicroscopy without
 separate documentation of anterior segment findings)
 Internal/Fundus exam including direct and/or indirect ophthalmoscopy with or without pupillary dilation and at minimum, a
 numerical notation of cup-to-disc ratio documented for each eye*
 Pupillary reflexes
 Ocular motility/Versions (must be recorded separately from binocular function testing)
 Binocularity – ocular alignment at distance and near (cover test, Hirschberg, Krimsky, Stereopsis,near point of convergence, Positive
 and Negative Fusional Vergence, Accomodative convergence) Any one test is sufficient
 Screening visual fields/confrontations at doctor’s discretion
 Color Vision Testing – Once in lifetime
 Tonometry Guideline: Attempt either applanation or noncontact at the earliest age that a child is cooperative. Tactile estimations
 acceptable if documentation supports the reason why numerical tonometry wasn’t performed.
 Bruckner’s test
 Snellen acuity chart
 ETDRS Visual Acuity
 Static retinoscopy or Auto refractor results- acceptable in non-verbal patients
 Determination of refractive state with best corrected visual acuities (recorded
 monocularly). Testing may be delegated to qualified staff under the supervision of a
 licensed VSP Network Doctor (as permitted by state regulation) and may be done
 with or without DPA's (diagnostic pharmaceutical agents)
 Cycloplegic retinoscopy
 Accommodative Function is a guideline based on the
 doctor's professional judgment and not an exam
 requirement. Any near point accommodation testing is
 performed when clinically indicated.
 Case History Visual System Health Status Evaluation
  
*Note: Fundus photos and optomap retinal exams are separate procedures. They’re not acceptable in place of performing direct or
 indirect ophthalmoscopy.
 ®
 Refractive Status Evaluation
 Entering and Best Corrected
 Visual Acuity
 Refraction Accommodation
 
Suggested measure of acuity
 assessment, any one test is
 sufficient. (Must be recorded
 monocularly):
  
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 37
 Supplemental Testing or Procedures
 ®
 Additional testing or procedures, beyond those included in a VSP WellVision Exam, may be needed based on clinical judgment, individual patient symptoms, and exam findings. For example,
 you may need to perform additional testing or procedures to rule out suspected disease or to provide a more in-depth medical assessment.
 Supplemental testing should be associated with a medical eye-related condition, be medically necessary for your patient’s care in accordance with accepted ophthalmic standards of care, and
 include interpretation and report, when required. Please advise your patient of any testing that is not covered by insurance and any associated out-of-pocket cost before the service(s) is
 rendered.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 38
 Exam Documentation
 The following exam records must be maintained:
 All exam, diagnostic, and treatment procedures should be filed in your patient’s chart.
 Descriptive or quantitative data for all tests. Check marks or slash lines made on your patient’s chart are not acceptable as evidence of test results, unless you check specific
 conditions/structures. We’ll accept checking “lens, disc (with numerical cup-to-disc ratio at a minimum for each eye), fovea, and media” if the check indicates the structure has a normal
 appearance and function, but won’t accept checking ophthalmoscopy if no results are provided.
 An itemized record of charges made to your patients for copays, eyewear overages, and contact lens overages. Keep these records in some form (paper copy, CD, electronic health records,
 etc.). Financial records are kept on your patient’s record card, a separate ledger card, or a fee slip.
 Per HIPAA Rules, medical records must be retained and accessible for six years (ten years for Medicare managed care program providers) or as required by federal/state law, from the date of
 its creation or the date when it last was in effect, whichever is greater.
 Actual findings for each patient must be recorded on medical exam records. All records submitted for evaluation must contain true findings. You can’t alter, falsify, or add to records in any way.
 Doctors using electronic record-keeping systems must record the actual results of tests and procedures done for each patient on the date of service. We won’t accept computerized “default”
 entries. This standard applies to patients of all ages and exams of all levels.
 Below, you’ll find descriptive recording standards for adult (19 years and older), intermediate and comprehensive eye exams, and pediatric comprehensive exams. For pediatric exams (patients
 up to 18 years and 11 months), refer to Pediatric Eye Exams.
 You can find a sample Patient Exam Form in the Practice Administration section under the Administration area on VSPOnline on eyefinity.com.
 Our guidelines for examination procedure and documentation requirements will supersede any specific state minimum requirements for care provided to VSP patients, except to the extent
 expressly limited by law.
 Note: 
Reimbursement of a comprehensive service relies on the proper recording of all testing included in the comprehensive exam. Document the reason for any exam components that were
 attempted but could not be performed or the exam will be considered deficient.
 The medical record should be complete and legible, and each encounter should include the date of service and legible identity of the provider performing the service and their signature or
 electronic identifier. The patient’s medical record is considered incomplete without the doctor’s authentication that the information is a true and accurate representation of the service provided.
Patient’s chief complaint or reason for exam
 Ocular and visual health history (your patient and family, past and present)
 General health status (e.g., significant illnesses and medical conditions)
 Current medication and medication allergies
 Occupational and vocational visual demands
 Vascular assessment, including A/V size ratio or grading of hypertensive or arteriosclerotic retinopathy changes;
 Descriptive retinal findings, macula assessment and grading of foveal reflex brightness;
 Observations of media.
 Entering visual acuity (at 20 ft) with habitual Rx or unaided. Document monocular distance acuities for each eye for monovision contact lens patients.
 Best corrected visual acuity at distance through the subjective refraction.
 your patient can’t respond properly to testing (e.g., non-verbal or illiterate) please indicate in your documentation.
 Spectacle overrefractions are acceptable if your patient can’t respond properly to subjective testing (e.g., non-verbal, illiterate patients) and are recorded
 quantitatively.
 Contact lens overrefractions are acceptable only in cases of corneal irregularity where the manifest refraction is inconclusive (keratoconus, corneal transplants,
 dystrophies, etc.).
 Procedure Recorded Data
 Case History (Hx)
 Ophthalmoscopy At minimum, a nerve head assessment, including a numerical cup-to-disc ratio or hand-drawing of cupping is required to satisfy this requirement. If the C/D ratio is
 the same for each eye, indicate OU. If different for each eye, document OD and OS accordingly. Ophthalmoscopy may be done with or without diagnostic
 pharmaceutical agents (DPAs)*.
 In addition, we advise you record the following:
 *Note: We consider Fundus photos and Optomap retinal exams separate procedures. They’re not acceptable in lieu of performing direct or indirect ophthalmoscopy.
 Neurological
 Integrity
 (pupil reflexes)
 Record descriptions of normal pupillary reflexes, such as “equal, round, reactive to light and accommodation (PERRLA),” WNL, pupils R&R (round and reactive), 
APD, Ø APD, direct and consensual, and/or -Marcus-Gunn. Also, clearly record deviations from normal responses with diagnostic impressions. Measurement and
 documentation of pupil size in one level of illumination alone is not acceptable.
 Versions Record assessments of extraocular muscle motility, such as “full and smooth,” FROM (full range of motion), SAFE, 1-4+, unrestricted, etc., describing any deviations
 from normal. Must be documented separately from binocularity testing results.
 External/Adnexa
 Exam
 Record lids, lacrimal apparatus, sclera and conjunctiva as “clear,” describing any deviations from normal in the ocular adnexa.
 Biomicroscopy (SLE) When recording slit lamp exam, include a description of anterior segment, corneal clarity, media clarity or anterior chamber angle quantification.
 Anterior segment photos are separate procedures. They’re not acceptable in lieu of biomicroscopy without separate documentation of anterior segment findings.
 Screening Visual
 Fields
 Gross visual fields or confrontation testing is acceptable for the comprehensive level of service. Record any depressions found in the gross visual fields or
 confrontation testing. Record a normal finding as “negative, WNL, FTFC (full to finger count), full in all quadrants, etc.” or taken from automated visual field printouts.
 At minimum, a tangent screen is an acceptable device used to get gross visual fields.
 For visual field screening, at minimum, evaluate and record at least two meridians of visual field. Vision screeners that only test or measure single meridian fields
 won’t be accepted.
 Tonometry Record a numerical pressure measurement for each eye, type of instrument, date and time performed. Tactile estimations of intraocular pressure are only acceptable
 if there’s a documented reason for not having done a quantitative measurement.
 If tonometry is omitted for any reason on an adult, bill a lesser level of service. For pediatric patients, tonometry is a guideline, not a requirement. Attempt tonometry,
 either applanation or noncontact, at the earliest age the child is cooperative.
 Visual Acuity (VA) Record monocularly as:
 Subjective
 Refraction
 Determination of refractive state with best corrected visual acuities (recorded monocularly). Testing may be delegated to qualified staff under the supervision of a
 licensed VSP Network Doctor (as permitted by state regulation) and may be done with or without DPA's (diagnostic pharmaceutical agents)
 Subjective refraction must be performed without spectacle or contact lenses. The only exceptions to this rule are:
 For the above exceptions, indicate why you couldn’t perform the subjective Rx.
 Accommodative
 Function
 Accommodative Function is a guideline based on the doctor's professional judgment and not an exam requirement. Any near point accommodation testing (pediatric
 and adult exams) is performed when clinically indicated.
 Diagnosis Document the diagnosis on the exam chart. The diagnosis must be supported by the documented clinical findings.
 Any charge to your patient for special testing procedures must be supported by a recorded diagnosis. Diagnoses, either written or coded, must have an ICD-9-CM
 billable code.
 Always code to the highest degree of specificity when indicating diagnosis.
 A diagnosis taken from an eClaim printout, CMS-1500 Form, WellVision Savings Statement, or a superbill isn’t acceptable unless it’s signed, initialed, or has some
 unique identifer by the doctor. Subjective Rx findings, a written Rx copy, or optical materials order are not acceptable in lieu of the written diagnosis.
 Treatment Plan The treatment plan should be consistent with the diagnosis and/or reflect the clinical findings. The treatment plan/therapies can include specific treatments or
 documentation that no therapy was needed.
 Documentation of a treatment plan by the doctor is required in the patient’s chart notes. Record the instructions provided to your patient.
Page 39
 Medical-Record Documentation
 Patient history questionnaires or intake forms
 Exam chart notes, progress notes, orders, and prescriptions
 Diagnostic testing and results
 Referral summaries and patient communications
 Correspondences between interprofessional health care providers
 Optical records and lab order forms, including spectacle and contact lens order forms
 CMS-1500 Claim Forms, superbills, and eClaim patient printouts
 Physician orders for services provided in long-term care facilities
 
Providers are responsible for documenting each patient encounter completely, accurately, and timely. Accurate documentation supports compliance with federal and state laws and reduces
 fraud, waste, and abuse. These medical-record documentation guidelines are provided to help ensure that VSP network doctors meet VSP’s documentation requirements. Inadequate
 documentation may result in the denial of services.
 A medical record is a written or electronic health record of a patient’s medical history and clinical data associated with a patient’s care, including patient demographics, patient medical and family
 history, examination and evaluation notes, and all data and reports related to point of care assessment, testing, diagnosis, and treatment.
 Medical records include and are not limited to:
 Providers are responsible for accurate documentation and claim submission of services performed. Claims should be coded appropriately according to industry standard coding guidelines
 including, but not limited to American Medical Association (AMA), Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS), Current Procedural Terminology (CPT ), Healthcare Common Procedure
 Coding System (HCPCS), International Classification of Diseases (ICD-10 CM), and National Correct Coding Initiative (NCCI).
 ®
 All medical record entries must be complete, legible, dated, and include the legible signature of the doctor providing care, consistent with Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) policies
 and procedures, or as required by federal/state laws. Any encounter between the doctor, clinical staff, and the patient must be documented in the patient’s medical record.
 In compliance with CMS, VSP network doctors are required to maintain medical records for seven years from the date of service, or as required by federal and state laws. Medicare managed care
 program providers are required to retain records for ten years from the date of service, or as required by federal and state laws.
 Medical Record Requirements Description
 Medical record Ensure all procedures are documented according to industry standard coding guidelines. Undocumented procedures are
 considered not performed unless the test was attempted and there is documentation as to why results were not obtained.
 Examples may include but are not limited: to the patient is non-verbal, non-responsive, uncooperative, refused testing, etc.
 Claim date of service The date of service for the patient encounter must reflect the date of service on the claim.
 Past medical history Document or review the patient’s ocular and medical history, which includes but is not limited to diseases and illnesses
 currently being treated, surgical history, family medical history, social history, allergies, medications, and the date of last eye
 exam or refractive prescription.
 Chief complaint and history of present illness Document the reason for the visit as stated in the patient’s own words. Document the description of the present illness with
 reference to onset, location, duration, severity, etc. as related to the chief complaint.
 Consistent diagnoses, exam findings, and treatment
 plans
 A valid ICD-10-CM diagnosis must be documented for each patient encounter and supported by the documented clinical
 findings. Documentation should include all recommended treatments, diagnostic testing, and follow-up care instructions.
 Treatment plans must be appropriate and consistent with the diagnosis.
 Follow-up care/visits Medical record documentation must indicate the patient’s follow-up care cadence. Computerized recall documentation alone is
 insufficient. Electronic records must have recall dates present within the medical record and a doctor identifier must also be
 present.
 Signature requirements Signatures for each entry must be legible and should include the practitioner’s first and last name, and applicable credentials.
 The practitioner’s signature or initials in patients’ medical records and chart notes demonstrate that services submitted have
 been completely and accurately documented, reviewed, and authenticated. Furthermore, it confirms the provider has certified
 the medical necessity for the service(s) submitted to VSP for payment consideration.
 Avoid potential risks for patients Doctor interventions should be appropriate for the patient history, clinical findings, and diagnosis.
 There should be no indication that a patient was placed at potential risk due to diagnostic or therapeutic procedures provided
 or not provided.
 Appointment timing If an appointment is delayed or extended, note in the relevant record that a longer waiting time would not have a detrimental
 effect on the health of the patient.
 Preferred written and spoken language Document preferred written and spoken language on the patient history form and/or medical record.
 Use of interpreter Document the use of an interpreter in the patient’s medical record when a patient receives interpreter services, including who
 provided the interpretation (trained professional interpreter, office staff, etc.)
 Refusal of interpreter If a patient prefers a language that is not provided in the office and refuses the use of a trained professional interpreter,
 document the refusal in the patient’s medical record.
 Note: A trained professional interpreter does not include friends or family members, unless the person is professionally
 trained, including knowledge of medical terminology.
 Note: 
For California patients, include the following documentation. Refer to the VSP Members Language Assistance Program for more information.
 Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
Page 40
 Contact Lens Case Management Procedures
 Keratometry
 Slit lamp evaluation (SLE):**
 Over-refraction performed with diagnostic contact lenses
 Monocular visual acuity measurements with and without new contact lenses
 Patient’s subjective and/or doctor’s objective response to the diagnostic lenses
 Ordering information, such as lens material and parameter: base curve, diameter, power, peripheral curves, and thickness, when applicable.
 Prior to dispensing the contact lenses, verify the lens parameters, if possible.
 At the time of dispensing the contact lenses, provide instructions for lens care, handling, and wearing schedule. Your patient must demonstrate
 at this time the ability to handle, insert, and remove the contact lenses.
 Maintain complete records of financial data relating to contact lens materials, fitting, and management.
 Monocular visual acuities with new contact lenses
 Over-refraction, if appropriate
 Slit lamp exam with and without contact lenses**
 Keratometry when indicated
 Lens movement and centration
 Recommendations and advice, including the recording of any lens changes or modifications to the lens, wearing schedule, or care
 Record of any financial transactions
 Contact lens services (evaluation/fitting) are in addition to eye exams.
 Diagnostic contact lens fittings can be for a first-time contact lens wearer or a refit patient. The diagnostic fitting includes your patient’s contact lens history, evaluation/fitting services,
 assessment, and a treatment plan. We define a contact lens refit for those patients who have worn contact lenses before but must fit into a different parameter (base curve, diameter, etc.) or
 different lens type (RGP to soft, spherical to toric, extended wear to daily wear, etc.).
 If your patient’s case is complex and you choose to refer them to another doctor, we’ll reimburse you for the eye exam level of service provided. If the referral is to a doctor outside your practice
 and you’ve already billed us for a comprehensive level of service, we’ll pay that doctor an intermediate exam service fee plus contact lens fees for services and materials. If you provide both
 services, we’ll pay the global fees.
 We require evaluation and record-keeping as outlined in each area below. Per HIPAA Rules, medical records must be retained and accessible for six years (ten years for Medicare managed care
 program providers) or as required by federal/state law, from the date of its creation or the date when it last was in effect, whichever is greater.
 Note: 
The medical record should be complete and legible, and each encounter should include the date of service and legible identity of the provider performing the service and their signature or
 electronic identifier. The patient’s medical record is considered incomplete without the doctor’s authentication that the information is a true and accurate representation of the service provided.
 Diagnostic Contact Lens Fitting
 Contact lens history Additional case history impacting the use and care of contact lenses (e.g., work conditions, desired wearing schedule, previous lenses, and
 solutions).
 Contact lens exam services (fitting
 and evaluation)- With diagnostic contact lenses to assess lens fit (record the diagnostic lenses through which all tests are performed)- Without contact lenses to assess condition of the cornea,sclera, conjunctiva, lids, or tear film
 **Note: Anterior segment photos are a separate procedure. We won’t accept them in place of biomicroscopy without separate documentation of
 anterior segment findings.
 **Note: Use of diagnostic tools such as ocular wavefront aberrometer, autorefractometer, corneal topographer and keratometer does not replace
 the requirement to record clinical findings in the patient’s records.
 Assessment Record your clinical impressions and diagnosis.
 Plan The treatment plan is related to the assessment above and includes the following:
 Routine Progress Evaluation or Subsequent Visits
 Contact lens history Case history, including lens care and wearing schedule compliance
 Contact lens services
 (evaluation/fitting)
 **Note: Anterior segment photos are a separate procedure. We won’t accept them in place of biomicroscopy without separate documentation of
 anterior segment findings.
 Assessment Record your clinical impressions and diagnosis.
 Plan
 Ordering and Dispensing Contact Lenses
 Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
Manufacturer contact lens
 order
 Contact lens
 Contact lens order details to/from the manufacture to include type of contact lens ordered, unit amounts, patient for which the contacts are for and the
 order date.
 Financial records
 Date contact lens were ordered or indication of stock lenses
 Brand and type of contacts ordered
 Unit amounts of contacts ordered
 Date, brand, type and number units dispensed
 Patient name
 Date of service
 CL brand
 Type
 Quantity dispensed
 U&C cost per box
 Amount billed to insurance
 Amount paid by the patient
 Method of payment
 When billing VSP for contact lenses, you must keep a list of your contact lens material U&C fees and costs for services/materials (e.g. Fitting/Evaluation(s)) for reference. This must be shown to
 any VSP Representative upon request.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 41
 Quality Measures
 Eye exams are an important component of diabetes management and help to close gaps in care.
 ®
 When submitting retinal or dilated eye exam claims for VSP patients with diabetes, include Current Procedural Terminology (CPT ) Category II codes to provide more complete information and
 support quality programs such as Medicare’s Merit-based Incentive Payment System (MIPS), Healthcare Effectiveness Data and Information Set (HEDIS), and the Centers for Medicare &
 Medicaid Services (CMS) Five-Star Quality Rating System.
 ® 
Including CPT Category II codes on VSP claims strengthens the role doctors of optometry have in their patients' healthcare and highlights the impact they have on protecting their patients' vision
 and overall health. In addition, using CPT Category II codes reduces the number of medical records requested for quality measure reporting and gap closure attestation.
 ®
 The Healthcare Effectiveness Data and Information Set (HEDIS ) is one of healthcare’s most widely used performance improvement tools. The National Committee for Quality Assurance (NCQA)
 collects HEDIS data from health plans and other healthcare organizations to create annual health outcome surveys. Plans use HEDIS data to measure performance and drive improvement
 efforts.
 HEDIS includes more than 90 measures across multiple domains of care. These measures relate to public health issues, including asthma medication use, blood pressure control, cancer
 screening, diabetes care, heart disease, and smoking and tobacco use cessation.
 Eye Exam for Patients With Diabetes 
Eye Exam for Patients With Diabetes (EED) is a HEDIS effectiveness of care measure that evaluates the percentage of members 18 to 75 years of age with diabetes (types 1 and 2) who received a
 retinal or dilated eye exam.
 The measure includes:
 Retinal or dilated eye exam by an eye care professional (optometrist or ophthalmologist) in the measurement year.
 Negative retinal or dilated eye exam by an eye care professional in the year prior to the measurement year.
 A slit-lamp examination must have documentation of dilation or evidence that the retina was examined to be considered compliant. Examination of macula, vessels, and periphery without
 dilation meets the criteria for a “retinal exam.”
 Diabetic Retinal Exam Codes
 Diabetic retinal exam codes valid for the Eye Exam for Patients With Diabetes (EED) measure are:
 CPT Codes: 92002, 92004, 92012, 92014, 92134, 92201, 92202, 92227, 92228, 92250, 92260, 99203- 99205, 99213-99215, 99242-99245
 HCPCS Codes: S0620, S0621
 Patients with Diabetes with Evidence of Retinopathy
 2022F
 2023F
 2024F
 2025F
 Dilated retinal eye exam with interpretation by an ophthalmologist or optometrist documented and reviewed; with evidence of retinopathy
 Dilated retinal eye exam with interpretation by an ophthalmologist or optometrist documented and reviewed; without evidence of retinopathy
 Seven standard field stereoscopic retinal photos with interpretation by an ophthalmologist or optometrist documented and reviewed; with evidence of retinopathy
 Patients with Diabetes without Evidence of Retinopathy
 2026F
 2033F
 3072F
 Seven standard field stereoscopic retinal photos with interpretation by an ophthalmologist or optometrist documented and reviewed; without evidence of retinopathy
 Eye imaging validated to match diagnosis from 7 standard field stereoscopic retinal photos results documented and reviewed; with evidence of retinopathy
 Eye imaging validated to match diagnosis from 7 standard field stereoscopic retinal photos results documented and reviewed; without evidence of retinopathy
 Low risk for retinopathy (no evidence of retinopathy in the prior year)
 Visit vspeyeondiabetes.com to download a diabetic eye exam CPT Category II codes reference sheet and find additional resources for your practice.
 ®
 VSP network doctors are eligible for a $5 patient condition payment on VSP WellVision Exam claims by indicating if the patient has diabetes or diabetic retinopathy via the diagnosis code or the
 checkbox in eClaim on eyefinity.com AND including the appropriate CPT Category II code. Refer to the Submitting Patient Conditions Requirement for more information.
 CPT is a registered trademark of the American Medical Association.
 ®
 HEDIS is a registered trademark of the National Committee for Quality Assurance (NCQA).
 The codes and quality measure tips listed above are informational only, not clinical guidelines or standards of care, and do not guarantee reimbursement.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 42
 Clinical Practice Guidelines
 Clinical practice guidelines are defined by the Institute of Medicine as, "statements that include recommendations, intended to optimize patient care, that are informed by a systematic review of
 evidence and an assessment of the benefits and harms of alternative care options.” These guidelines are intended to improve the quality of patient care, help reduce inappropriate practice
 variation, lessen disparities, and empower patients.
 VSP network doctors’ adherence to these practice patterns supports our continuous quality-improvement program.
 ®
 VSP Vision Care has adopted the Clinical Practice Guidelines of the American Optometric Association (AOA) and the Preferred Practice Pattern Guidelines of the American Academy of
 Ophthalmology (AAO).
 Hard copies of these guidelines are available by contacting the above associations directly.
 ®
 VSP audits patient medical records according to the Clinical Practice Guidelines of the American Optometric Association (AOA) and the Preferred Practice Pattern Guidelines of the American
 Academy of Ophthalmology (AAO). Clinical justification must be detailed in the patient’s medical record if you choose to deviate from the recommended procedures.
 Note:
 Clinical reviews are conducted by a licensed optometrist or ophthalmologist.
Dispensing Patient Lens Enhancements
 7
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 43
 Using Our Contract Lab System
 We contract with optical labs throughout the United States to manufacture prescription orders submitted by VSP network doctors. Claim payment for orders with materials will only be processed
 after the contract lab completes a prescription and submits the claim to VSP for payment.
 Important! 
®
 The VSP Signature Plan doesn’t cover lenses made in your office unless they’re processed under the VSP In-Office Finishing Program. Covered lenses dispensed to VSP patients must be
 fabricated entirely by a participating VSP contract lab (unless you’re providing an in-office lens enhancement or the lens qualifies for the VSP In-Office Finishing Program ).
 For additional materials (such as a second pair of eyeglass lenses and frames), you can use any lab you choose, including in-office labs. See VSP Signature Plan in the Plans & Coverages section
 for details.
 1. Submit orders to contract labs through eClaim or on paper using the CMS-1500 form and Materials Invoice. Include all prescription information. You can choose any lab on the National
 Contract Lab List.
 2. Charge your patients for lens enhancements unless their plans say otherwise. For these lens enhancements, VSP lab allocations are deducted from your reimbursement to pay the lab
 (see VSP Signature Lens Enhancements Chart for more information).
 3. The lab will ship the completed order to you and forward your claim to VSP for payment.
 Using Non-Contract Labs
 You can only use non-contract labs in emergencies. VSP monitors the use of non-contract labs and they may only be used in the situations below.
 Examples of emergencies include:
 Loss, theft, or breakage of prescription eyewear when your patient doesn’t own an alternate pair and can’t wear contact lenses
 Situations where your patient can’t function at work or school and doesn’t have another pair of glasses or contact lenses
 Patients whose safety and well-being will be jeopardized without the immediate delivery of their prescription eyewear
 Emergency situations don’t include:
 Instances where faster turn-around time is requested to accommodate trips, vacations, or other discretionary events
 Providing faster service when your patient has another functional pair of glasses or contacts
 Important! 
You must document the emergency that requires the use of Non-Contract Labs. Inappropriate use of Non-Contract Labs will result in the denial of services and materials, including lenses and
 frames.
 To submit a claim when a non-VSP lab is used, select Non-IDC Lab Invoice (Lab 0100) from the pull-down menu in the Lab Selection box on eClaim or write “Non-IDC Lab Invoice (Lab 0100)” in the
 Special Instructions area of the Materials Invoice. When submitting an emergency claim, please specify the emergency reason. Selecting an emergency reason is for documentation purposes; not
 selecting a reason does not remove the emergency requirement.
 All Lab invoices must be kept for a minimum of seven (7) years. Failure to keep Lab invoices may result in the denial of services and materials.
 Lab invoices from an outside private lab must include the following:
 Patient name
 Date ordered/date completed
 Rx
 Lens enhancements
 Style and frame type, including make and model
 You’ll be responsible for the entire cost of the lab bill and should pay the lab on a private-transaction basis. Don’t charge the patient for covered lens enhancements, you won’t receive a service
 fee for covered lens enhancements. For all other lens enhancements, charge the patient according to their plan. You won’t receive a VSP lab allocation for these lens enhancements. VSP will pay
 you an established fee of $10.50 for single vision, $23.50 for bifocal/progressive and $33.50 for trifocal, in addition to your regular dispensing fees. Use your bifocal lens-dispensing fee for
 progressives. Charge your patient according to the VSP Signature Lens Enhancements Chart or your adjusted U&C fee (whichever is lower). Don’t balance-bill the patient.
 All emergency orders are subject to review. When a claim is found to be incorrect, payments for material services will be reversed.
 Important! 
Always verify orders upon receipt by checking all lab lens enhancement codes.
 Uncuts
 Uncut lenses can only be processed in the case of an emergency. Submit as a private order. The lab will bill their U&C fees. This should only be done on very rare occasions.
 You can order the following on a private-transaction basis:
 Proprietary Lens and Frame (see Proprietary Lens and Frame in this section)
 Plano lenses (if not covered by your patient’s plan)
 Additional pairs of glasses using the value-added benefit (80% or 70% of U&C unless covered by your patient’s plan—refer to Section 2—Plans and Coverages for more information about
 additional pairs of glasses)
 Certain single vision stock lenses may be finished in your office through the VSP In-Office Finishing Program. Refer to the VSP In-Office Finishing Program section of the manual for complete
 details.
 A Lab order form and/or invoice are required for in-office jobs as well. These invoices must include the following:
 Patient name
 Date ordered/date completed
 Rx
 Lens enhancements
 Style and frame type, including make and model
 Records must also include the date when the glasses were dispensed to the patient.
(AL)
 VSP is providing VSP doctors the option to opt-out of the VSP Contract Lab Network in certain approved states. For more information regarding the VSP Contract Lab Network Opt-Out Policy
 and Process click here.
 (AR)
 VSP is providing VSP doctors the option to opt-out of the VSP Contract Lab Network in certain approved states. For more information regarding the VSP Contract Lab Network Opt-Out Policy
 and Process click here.
 (FL)
 VSP is providing VSP doctors the option to opt-out of the VSP Contract Lab Network in certain approved states. For more information regarding the VSP Contract Lab Network Opt-Out Policy
 and Process click here.
 (GA)
 VSP is providing VSP doctors the option to opt-out of the VSP Contract Lab Network in certain approved states. For more information regarding the VSP Contract Lab Network Opt-Out Policy
 and Process click here.
 (KS)
 VSP is providing VSP doctors the option to opt-out of the VSP Contract Lab Network in certain approved states. For more information regarding the VSP Contract Lab Network Opt-Out Policy
 and Process click here.
 (ME)
 VSP is providing VSP doctors the option to opt-out of the VSP Contract Lab Network in certain approved states. For more information regarding the VSP Contract Lab Network Opt-Out Policy
 and Process click here.
 (MO)
 VSP is providing VSP doctors the option to opt-out of the VSP Contract Lab Network in certain approved states. For more information regarding the VSP Contract Lab Network Opt-Out Policy
 and Process click here.
 (NJ)
 VSP is providing VSP doctors the option to opt-out of the VSP Contract Lab Network in certain approved states. For more information regarding the VSP Contract Lab Network Opt-Out Policy
 and Process click here.
 (OR)
 VSP is providing VSP doctors the option to opt-out of the VSP Contract Lab Network in certain approved states. For more information regarding the VSP Contract Lab Network Opt-Out Policy
 and Process click here.
 (OH)
 VSP is providing VSP doctors the option to opt-out of the VSP Contract Lab Network in certain approved states. For more information regarding the VSP Contract Lab Network Opt-Out Policy
 and Process click here.
 (PA)
 VSP is providing VSP doctors the option to opt-out of the VSP Contract Lab Network in certain approved states. For more information regarding the VSP Contract Lab Network Opt-Out Policy
 and Process click here.
 (TX)
 VSP is providing VSP doctors the option to opt-out of the VSP Contract Lab Network in certain approved states. For more information regarding the VSP Contract Lab Network Opt-Out Policy
 and Process click here.
 (VA)
 VSP is providing VSP doctors the option to opt-out of the VSP Contract Lab Network in certain approved states. For more information regarding the VSP Contract Lab Network Opt-Out Policy
 and Process click here.
 (VT)
 VSP is providing VSP doctors the option to opt-out of the VSP Contract Lab Network in certain approved states. For more information regarding the VSP Contract Lab Network Opt-Out Policy
 and Process click here.
 (WV)
 VSP is providing VSP doctors the option to opt-out of the VSP Contract Lab Network in certain approved states. For more information regarding the VSP Contract Lab Network Opt-Out Policy
 and Process click here.
 (NV)
 VSP is providing VSP doctors the option to opt-out of the VSP Contract Lab Network in certain approved states. For more information regarding the VSP Contract Lab Network Opt-Out Policy
 and Process click here.
 (IL)
 VSP is providing VSP doctors the option to opt-out of the VSP Contract Lab Network in certain approved states. For more information regarding the VSP Contract Lab Network Opt-Out Policy
 and Process click here.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 44
 ®
 VSP In-Office Finishing Program
 SM 
SM
 TM 
®,
 ®
 In-office finishing is available for single vision, stock lenses purchased from the Plexus Optix Single Vision Stock Lens Catalog on eBuy for your VSP Signature Plan VSP Choice Plan , VSP
 Advantage Plan ,VSP Enhanced Advantage Plan and CVC and Additional Pair patients.
 The program excludes the following:
 ® 
®
 Orders from other practices—you can only finish lenses from patients seen at your practice; you may not finish work for other VSP Network providers.
 Lenses not purchased from Plexus Optix, Inc. through eBuy at eyefinity.com.
 Lenses surfaced or altered by any lab (uncuts).
 Charity care claims (VSP Eyes of Hope Gift Certificates, including co-branded VSP Eyes of Hope /American Red Cross Gift Certificates)—these orders must be submitted to a
 VSPOne™ Optical Technology Center.
 Lab-supplied frames—only frames supplied by the doctor or the patient are eligible for the program.
 AR coating applied at a lab—only pre-coated stock lenses are eligible for the program.
 Custom coatings.
 Lab applied coatings (Mirror and Ski Coats).
 Lab applied scratch coatings (VSP lens enhancement code QS: Scratch Resistant Coating B—other Approved Coatings).
 Products not specified in the Plexus Optix Single Vision Stock Lens Catalog.
 Any Rx that doesn’t meet the VSP minimum prescription requirements.
 Stock lenses dispensed on VSP In-Office Finishing claims should be purchased from the Plexus Distribution Center. Dispensing stock lenses from other vendors on IOF claims may result in
 penalties or loss of access to the VSP IOF program. Plexus lenses can be ordered through eBuy at eyefinity.com. For assistance call Plexus at 844.753.9870 or email iof@vsp.com. 
*Exceptions apply in the following states: Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Kansas, Maine, Missouri, Nevada, New Jersey, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania,  South Dakota, Texas,
 Utah, Vermont, West Virginia.
 Online
 Claims must be submitted electronically through eClaim at eyefinity.com or through a practice management system that’s integrated with Eyefinity.
 1. Select In-Office Stock Lenses in the Lens Finishing section of the Lab Invoice screen.
 2. Select Single Vision.
 3. Select the appropriate Material.
 4. Choose the appropriate lens from the menu.
 5. Select VSP IOF Program from the Select Lab dropdown.
 6. Choose either Doctor Supplied or Patient Supplied from the Frame Supplier menu.
 7. Complete all other required fields and submit the claim.
 Paper
 Claims for the VSP In-Office Finishing Program must be submitted electronically; paper claim submissions aren’t eligible.
 Your patient records should accurately document VSP In-Office Finishing Program claims as billed. Patient records must clearly indicate the materials supplied and how and when the order was
 completed, including the frame manufacturer and model, lens purchase details, prescription, lens materials, lens enhancements, date of lens finishing, date received by patient, and any other
 relevant data. The VSP Doctor Service Report is not considered adequate documentation.
 You must charge patients for all copays and non-covered lens enhancements.
 The following redo policies and procedures apply to VSP In-Office Finishing Program single-vision stock lens orders. You’re responsible for the cost of all redos. Your patient should not be
 charged for redos resulting from a prescription change or errors made by office staff or in office labs.
 Requirements – A patient is entitled to a redo when one of the following requirement(s) is met:
 Power changes (not including changes resulting in plano lenses)
 Axis changes
 Errors in transcription (not including transcription errors involving tints, photochromics, coatings, or
 frames)
 Change in materials (e.g., glass to plastic, plastic to polycarbonate, plastic to high index plastic, or
 glass, etc.)
 Changes in base curves
 Limitations – You may deny or charge for a redo that falls within the following
 limitations:
 Redos on Lens Enhancements
 Important! 
Change made by the patient in the frame size, shape, or style
 Addition or change made by the patient in tint or coating
 Materials lost, broken, or damaged by the patient
 Lenses covered by a manufacturer’s warranty (e.g., defects and scratch warranties) are not considered a redo. Please refer to the Terms and Conditions in the Plexus Optix Single Vision Stock
 Lens Catalog.
 On qualified first-time doctor redo prescriptions, lens enhancements ordered on the original prescription will be covered on the first-time doctor redo.
 Important! 
Ordering additional covered lens enhancements not supplied on the original prescription is not a valid reason for a redo, but if there’s another reason to remake an order, you may include
 additional lens enhancements on the new lenses.
 Adding a lens enhancement that was not on the original prescription should be administered as follows:
Covered Lens Enhancements
 Don’t charge the patient.*
 Submit a copy of the invoice with a First Time Redo Verification form for reimbursement of the added covered enhancement.
 *There’s no charge to you or your patient for adding a covered lens enhancement unless the covered lens enhancement can’t be added to the
 original order (e.g., two options that can’t be combined like photochromic and solid tint). Enhancements or materials that can’t be added to the
 original order are a private transaction between you and your patient.
 Note: Ordering additional covered lens enhancements as the only reason for a redo doesn’t meet VSP’s requirements. Refer to the First-Time
 Doctor Redo Requirements and Limitations section to ensure there’s a valid reason for the first-time redo.
 Redos sent to contract labs
 All Other Lens Enhancements
 Charge the patient either the patient copay
 or 80% of your U&C according to their plan
 type.
 If lenses must be remade into a style or with lens enhancements not available through the VSP In-Office Finishing Program, you are responsible for covering all lab costs.
 Other Redo Questions
 For other questions on IOF redos, call VSP at 800.615.1883.
 Refer to the VSP In-Office Finishing Stock Lens Catalog for a complete list of materials, lens enhancements, and services and their reimbursement amounts. A few important items to note:
 The In-Office Finishing reimbursement per order will be the cumulative total of all associated lens enhancement fees (In-Office Finishing Fees). If there are no associated lens enhancements or
 the cumulative total of the fees is less than $10, the reimbursement for that order will be $10.
 Reimbursements cover your cost for the lenses. You won’t be reimbursed for taxes on In-Office Finishing payments for services or materials.
 You’ll receive your In-Office Finishing fee in addition to your base lens dispensing fee and any applicable doctor service fees for lens enhancements provided by your office.
 Important! 
Lens Enhancements not listed in the VSP In-Office Finishing Stock Lens Catalog are not included in the program and can’t be finished in your office. Payment for these services and materials,
 including frame and lenses will be denied.
 Your reimbursements under the VSP In-Office Finishing Program will be included in your VSP Explanation of Payment (EOP). The claims detail will appear as it does today, with a new IOF message
 code, IF. The In-Office Finishing section outlines your VSP In-Office Finishing Program reimbursements associated with claims submitted under the program. Payments will be included in your
 VSP check or EFT total.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 45
 Maui Jim
 Effective September 1, 2023, Maui Jim will discontinue ophthalmic (clear) lenses and ophthalmic frames to focus on Suns. The last day practices can submit Maui Jim clear lens orders to the
 Maui Jim lab is August 31, 2023. If you have questions, please reach out to your Maui Jim Account Executive.
 VSP network doctors who are authorized Maui Jim retailers can continue to submit Maui Jim claims and orders through eyefinity.com (or through any of Eyefinity’s practice management systems)
 and VSP patients can use their standard lens and frame coverage towards genuine Maui Jim sunglasses (prescription or plano based on patient’s plan). Please refer to the guidelines below when
 patients select Maui Jim materials.
 VSP patients can use their lens and frame coverage towards genuine Maui Jim Lenses, including Maui Jim sunglass lenses.
 Standard benefit coverage applies to determine patient out-of-pocket expenses. Please refer to the Patient Record Report to verify the patient’s coverage details for lens, lens enhancements
 and frame.
 Apply the patient’s coverage to the Maui Jim lens and frame following coverage details.
 Review the Product Index for lens enhancements codes and
 Maui Jim Lab (authentic lenses)
 Maui Jim Lab will appear in the contract lab list as #584, which is located in Peoria, IL.
 Sunglass frame orders should only go to Maui Jim Lab.  Sunglass orders fabricated at any other lab will void the frame warranty.
 Non-Maui Jim prescription lenses and frames will not be processed.
 VSP contract lab (non-authentic lenses)
 All lenses that are used with Maui Jim frames must be fabricated by Maui Jim. Sale of non-Maui Jim lenses with Maui Jim frames, or glazing of Maui Jim frames, voids Maui Jim’s warranty.
 Maui Jim Lens and Frame
 1. On the Lab Invoice, select Lab Finishing and enter the lens type and lens enhancements, as needed.
 2. Select the Maui Jim Lab (0584)
 All genuine Maui Jim sunglass lens and sunglass frame orders must be sent to Maui Jim.
 3. Complete the prescription section with the patient’s Rx information
 4. Search for the Maui Jim frame to order. Be sure you select the appropriate frame SKUs for prescription vs. non-prescription orders:
 Rx Sunglasses: Frames for Maui Jim sunglass prescription orders must begin with “Mjrx” in the color description. Frame model will typically display the frame name followed by 3 digits.
 If you have verified with Maui Jim that the frame is Rx-able, you may edit the frame details to include “Mjrx” at the beginning.
 Plano Sunglasses: Ready-made Maui Jim sunglasses will display the frame name followed by 3 digits. Ready-made sunglasses have a higher wholesale cost due to the Maui Jim plano
 sunglasses lenses included with the frame.
 Important! 
Make sure you select the appropriate SKU. Mjrx is a designation that belongs to only sunglass frames that can be processed in the Maui Jim lab. Sunglass frames without Mjrx include plano Maui
 Jim lenses and have a higher wholesale cost.
 5. Verify the wholesale cost populates in the search results.
 Wholesale costs may vary between Rx and non-Rx sunglass frames.
 Do not change the wholesale cost that populates in eClaim (or eLab). These have been provided by Maui Jim to ensure accurate billing and claim payment by VSP.
 Important! 
Changing the value may result in your order being voided by Maui Jim to reenter correctly or an incorrect VSP claim payment.
 If there is no wholesale value listed, check the frame spelling/casing and retry the search.
 Example:
 Pearl City 214 will return an outdated SKU and no wholesale whereas PEARL CITY 214 populated the correct SKU and wholesale amount.
 6. Select one of the following options from the Supplier drop-down menu:
 Lab Supplied – new complete order (lens and frame), billed from Maui Jim to VSP.
 Patient Supplied - To Come – when shipping a frame that patient purchased privately
 Doctor Supplied - To Come – when shipping a frame to the lab that is being billed under patient’s insurance benefits; if frame is purchased from Maui Jim at the time of submitting the order,
 the account will be billed by Maui Jim for the frame.
 7. Follow the instructions below regarding special instructions for the lab:
 Do not select the Lab Special Instructions check box. Although you can view any special instructions that you record in eClaim on the order reports, they are not sent to the Maui Jim lab
 8. Select Calculate and Continue to proceed to filing your VSP claim.
 Important!  
Do not enter “Proprietary” in the Special Instructions box (CMS1500 box 19). This will cause the claim to revert to private lab during claim processing and you will be responsible for the lab bill.
 Lens and Frame payments follow standard VSP payment guidelines.
 Maui Jim offers a limited warranty on lenses and frames as a supplement to any applicable VSP warranty. For questions on the Maui Jim warranty, 1-833-MJRXVSP (657-9877).
 Includes:
 Complimentary temple and nose pad replacement as long as parts are available
 One-year one-time scratch warranty on sun lenses
 Exclusions:
Void if original lenses or frames are altered
 Does not apply to normal wear
 Does not cover shipping costs
 Send order to Maui Jim Lab (#584)
 Send sunglass orders to Maui Jim lab
 In-office finishing not available
 Non-Maui Jim lens/frame orders will not be processed
 Order may indicate Doctor supplied or Patient Supplied frame
 Non-authentic sunglass lenses fabricated at non-Maui Jim labs will void the frame warranty.
 Select Mjrx for Rx frames.
 Wholesale costs may vary between Rx and non-Rx sunglass frames.
 These have been provided by Maui Jim to ensure accurate billing and claim payment by VSP.
 If wholesale cost is blank, check the search criteria, such as spelling, casing.
 Maui Jim will bill VSP for the frame material payment.
 VSP will deduct any wholesale frame overage to cover frame cost.
 You will be paid the frame dispensing fee and may collect any frame overage from patient.
 You will be responsible to ship and restock the frame.
 Maui Jim will bill you for the frame cost.
 You will be paid the frame dispensing fee and frame material payment (based on patient’s plan) and may collect any frame overage
 from patient.
 This isn’t a complete list of unique situations. Please refer to the additional resources in the Provider Reference Manual and/or User Guides in Eyefinity eLearn Tab for additional billing
 instructions.
 Scenario Description Billing Tips
 Ordering authentic Maui Jim lenses
 Ordering non-authentic sunglass lenses for Maui Jim
 frame
 Generic lens orders can be sent to any VSP contracted lab:
 Maui Jim Lens Guide Refer to the following Maui Jim style guide.
 Identifying frames for prescription sunglass orders Frames for Maui Jim prescription sun orders must begin with Mjrx in the color description.
 Identifying ophthalmic frames Maui Jim ophthalmic frames begin with MJO in the color description. No longer available effective September 1, 2023.
 Determining the wholesale cost Do not change the wholesale cost that populates in eClaim (or eLab).
 Selecting Frame Supplier Lab Supplied – new complete order (lens and frame).
 Patient Supplied - To Come – when shipping a frame that patient purchased privately (or if ordering generic lenses to non-Maui Jim
 lab).
 Doctor Supplied - To Come – when shipping a frame to the lab that is being billed under patient’s insurance benefits.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 46
 National Contract Lab List
 ®
 ®
 SM
 VSP doctors can use any of the contract labs listed below for the VSP Signature Plan , VSP Choice Plan , VSP Advantage Plan , or VSP Essentials Plan. Some restrictions apply based on plan type
 or state. For plans with unique lab requirements, eClaim will provide you with the appropriate lab choices for the order you are submitting.
 Initials to the left of the lab numbers indicate the lab is approved for other VSP plans.
 N: National Medicaid—for use by all doctors; labs will charge the fixed Medicaid lab fees.
     
 
 
     
    
    
    
    
   
     
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
    
    
    
   
  611 K-Mars  16430 Vanowen St. Van Nuys 91406 800.296.1551 818.375.1033
   
     
    
   
     
    
    
   
Contract Labs: 
Alabama
 528 Hoya – Mobile 23050 McAuliffe Dr. Robertsdale 36567 844.736.5765
 Alaska
 708 Custom Eye Lab 7821 King St. #3 Anchorage 99518 907.600.7744 
Arizona
 488 Black Lab Optical 8009 E. Dillon Way, A-105 Scottsdale 85260 623.850.8156
 814 GSRx 14505 Hayden Road, Ste. 101 Scottsdale 85260 480.748.4545 800.833.4779
 N 744 Hoya – Phoenix 1635 W. University Dr. Ste. 123-124 Tempe 85281 844.736.5767
 885 Meridian Optical
 Laboratory
 3711 E. Atlanta Ave. Phoenix 85040 602.257.8555 800.352.5465
 Arkansas
 734 Hytek Optical Lab 11701 Interstate 30, Ste. 412 Little Rock 72209 501.313.4196 870.253.4347
 N 214 Plunkett Optical 1705 North A St Ft. Smith 72901 479.783.2001 800.272.4730
 California
 639 B-Lite Optical Lab
 Inc
 3505 Cadillac Ave., Ste. K1 Costa Mesa 92626 714.469.3352
 N 901 Bartley Optical 1300 Optical Dr. Azusa 91702 626.969.6181 800.347.4733
 967 Capitol Optical
 Co.**
 1235 Indiana Ct, Ste. 113 Redlands 92374 909.285.9585 530.823.3937
 N 940 CSC-Ocular Lab 180 Westgate Dr. Watsonville 95076 831.426.7423 800.288.2721
 N 929 Elite Optical
 Company
 9901 Horn Rd. Ste. G Sacramento 95827 916.368.6650 800.556.5502
 N 973 Elite Optical
 Company
 801 N. Burke Visalia 93292 559.625.5816 800.624.6672
 N 994 Elite Optical
 Company
 1450 W. Walnut St. Rancho
 Dominguez
 90220 310.604.8668 800.468.6788
 N 935 Empire Optical** 7633 Varna Ave. N. Hollywood 91605 818.997.6474 800.767.6784
 N 590 Express Lens Lab 17150 Newhope St, Ste 305 Fountain
 Valley
 92708 714.545.1024
 N 966 Hoya-Modesto 1400 Carpenter Ln. Modesto 95351 844.736.5774
 N 918 Hoya-San Diego* 3959 Ruffin Rd. San Diego 92123 844.736.5773
 N 984 I-Coat / Signetek 12020 Mora Dr. Ste. 2 Santa Fe
 Springs
 90670 562.941.9989 562.941.9989
 N 903 Meridian/Precision
 SD
 9560 Ridgehaven Ct. San Diego 92123 858.565.0751 800.532.3840
 704 Orange Optical 1075 N. Bativa St. Orange 92867 714.997.2881
 420 Paradise Lens Lab
 LLC
 2540 Zanella Way, Ste. 10 Chico 95928 530.413.9627 530.354.5242
 N 968 Prestige Lens Lab* 338 N. Canal St. #14 S. San
 Francisco
 94080 650.588.5540 
562 Professional
 Optical Lab
 4905 Morena Blvd, Ste 1311 San Diego 92117 858.273.0411
 N 960 Simplify Optics 24844 Avenue Rockefeller Santa Clarita 91355 844.863.8857
 551 Sportifeye Optics,
 Inc.
 1854 Business Center Dr Duarte 91010 626.521.5600 877.742.5000
 N 948 X-Tra Lite Optical 15865 Chemical Ln Huntington
 Beach
 92649 714.897.3525 800.878.9872
 Colorado
   
   
    
    
     
    
     
    
   
     
    
   
   
    
    
    
   
   
   
   
    
    
   
    
    
    
     
     
Contract Labs: 
N 770 Duffens Optical
 Company
 2929 W. 9 Ave. th Denver 80204 303.623.5301 800.999.5367
 N 778 Pasch Optical Lab,
 Inc.
 2700 W. Hampden Sheridan 80110 303.789.0089 800.888.0036
 769 Walman Optical
 Company
 10515 E. 40 Ave. th Denver 80239 303.777.4484 800.332.8477
 Connecticut
 N 460 Hoya-Hartford 580 Nutmeg Rd. North S. Windsor 06074 844.736.5756
 Florida
 654 East Coast
 Ophthalmic
 7018 A C Skinner Pkwy, Ste. 240 Jacksonville 32256 800.493.3214
 N 592 Encore Optical
 Laboratories
 7963 NW 14th Street Doral 33126 305.468.9950
 644 Future Optics 111333 47 St. N th Clearwater 33762 800.366.2702
 N 867 Hoya-Largo 12345 Starkey Rd, Ste. E Largo 33773 844.736.5760
 N 863 Kosh Ophthalmic,
 Inc.
 2901 W. McNab Rd. Pompano
 Beach
 33069 954.975.0100 800.327.4118
 706 Marshall Optical 9 Sunshine Blvd. Ormond
 Beach
 32174 386.795.0265
 N 631 MIA Lab 2129 West 76th Street Hialeah 33106 305.364.7100
 N 872 Milroy Optical 5067 Savarese Cir. Tampa 33634 813.889.0858 800.366.2702
 N 866 Pelican Optical,
 Inc.
 6850 Whitfield Industrial Ave. Sarasota 34243 941.751.4437 800.862.0966
 715 Quality Optical
 Service
 6301 Georgia Ave. West Palm
 Beach
 33405 561.585.6472 800.432.1348
 Georgia
 255 Better Optics 3213 Humphries Hill Rd. Bldg. #4 Austell 30106 770.819.8800 800.831.1846
 N 228 Hoya-Atlanta 591-F Thornton Rd. Lithia Springs 30122 844.736.5744
 N 220 Robertson
 Optical Lab
 2309 Highway 81 South Loganville 30052 770.554.3000 800.929.2765
 N 223 Southern-Reid
 Optical
 1856 Corporate Dr. Ste. 150 Norcross 30093 678.380.7425 800.765.7343
 Hawaii
 N 953 Optical Suppliers,
 Inc.
 99-1253 Halawa Valley St. Aiea 96701 808.486.2933 800.448.0477
 N 950 VSPOne Hawaii 3375 Koapaka St. Ste. B292 Honolulu 96819 800.897.4457 800.897.4457
 Idaho
 N 710 Hoya – Boise 2741 W. Airport Way Boise 83705 844.736.5747
 Illinois
 727 Accu-Lab of Illinois 509 Oak St. DeKalb 60115 800.688.3904 815.751.4737
 N 546 Custom Eyes Rock
 Island
 4470 48th Ct. Rock Island 61201 800.322.6754 800.336.2114
 650 Expert Optics 305 Earl Rd. Shorewood 60431 815.741.1414 800.892.0097
 N 626 Hoya-Chicago 3531 Martens St. Franklin Park 60131 844.736.5749
 N 618 Hoya-St. Louis 301 Vision Dr. Columbia 62236 844.736.5775
 584 Maui Jim One Aloha Ln. Peoria 61615 888.666.5602
 681 Midland Optical
 Chicago
 2600 Beverly Dr., Ste. 101 Chicago 60502 800.244.7050
    
    
    
   
     
    
    
    
   
   
    
   
   
     
   
   
    
           
   
    
     
     
   
  
   
Contract Labs: 
625 Walman Optical
 Company
 1280 11th St. West Milan 61264 309.787.0000 800.447.1376
 662 Walman Optical
 Company
 3384 North Publisher Dr. Rockford 61109 815.874.9565 800.237.8806
 672 Walman Optical
 Company
 901 Parkland Ct. Champaign 61821 217.352.7865 800.634.3501
 Indiana
 N 687 Interstate Lab
 Group-Indy
 2902 Mitthoeffer Place Indianapolis 46229 317.882.1249 800.564.5546
 702 Singer Optical 1401 N. Royal Ave. Evansville 47715 800.431.6267
 642 Walman Optical
 Company
 4920 Executive Blvd. Ste. A Fort Wayne 46808 260.471.5077 800.736.7411
 646 Walman Optical
 Company
 2540 Waterbridge Way Evansville 47711 812.424.7521 800.727.5367
 705 Walman Optical
 Company
 4555 Independence Sq. Indianapolis 46023 317.780.1677 317.780.1677
 Iowa
 N 603 Pech Optical Corp. 2717 Murray St. Sioux City 51111 712.277.3937 800.831.2352
 N 696 Precision Optical
 Group
 701 S. Oak St. Creston 50801 641.782.6685 800.497.9239
 632 Walman Optical
 Company
 1214 Maple St. W. Des
 Moines
 50265 515.223.5280 800.733.4641
 Kansas
 N 614 Duffens/Langley 8140 Marshall Dr. Lenexa 66214 913.492.5379 800.397.2020
 Kentucky
 N 175 ABB Labs KY 4400 Olympic Blvd., Ste. 4530 Erlanger 41018 513.619.9108 800.636.2456
 132 Carl Zeiss Vision
 Kentucky
 1050 World Wide Blvd. Hebron 41048 800.403.8997
 N 120 Twin City Optical 4601-B Proximity Dr. Louisville 40213 502.966.5662 800.647.6970
 Louisiana
 N 208 Gulf States Optical
 Labs
 313 Coolidge St Jefferson 70121 504.834.1646 800.662.7889
 N 741 Hoya – New
 Orleans
 5039 Fairfield St. Metairie 70006 844.736.5766
 Maine
 Maryland
 N 310 Homer Optical
 Co., Inc.
 2401 Linden Ln. Silver Spring 20910 301.585.9060 800.627.2710
 306 Walman Optical
 Company
 6304 Blair Hill Ln. Baltimore 21209 410.828.7424 800.638.5098
 Massachusetts
 278 Perferx-Precision 25 Downing Three Pittsfield 01201 413.358.9020
 Michigan
 692 Cherry Optical 2429 Oakwood Blvd. Melvindale 48122 313.388.7622
 N 110 Optical Supply,
 Inc.
 1526 Plainfield NE Grand Rapids 49505 616.361.6000 800.441.4441
 N 119 Twin City Optical 2323 Aero Park Ct. Traverse City 49686 231.922.0344 800.424.0344
 N 125 Walman Optical
 Company
 5533 Ann Arbor Rd. Jackson 49201 517.764.5100 800.733.3645
    
     
   
     
     
    
    
    
    
   
   
   
    
    
     
     
    
     
     
   
   
             
Contract Labs: 
178 Walman Optical
 Company
 1051 Business Park Dr. Traverse City 49686 231.929.9070 888.251.2040
 Minnesota
 660 Carl Zeiss Vision
 North Central
 4605 Rusan St. St. Cloud 56303 800.403.8997
 N 621 D.B.L. Labs, Inc. 6650 Saukview Dr. St. Cloud 56303 320.654.6650 800.888.0222
 533 Eye-Kraft Optical,
 Inc.
 8 McLeland Rd St. Cloud 56303 320.257.1182
 534 Hoya – Ramsey 7000 Sunwood Dr. NW Ramsey 55303 844.736.5764
 604 Walman Optical
 Company
 9200 Wyoming Ave. Brooklyn Park 55445 763.515.5590 800.727.9522
 688 Walman Optical
 Company
 510 Beltrami Ave. Bemidji 56601 218.751.5327 800.891.1019
 689 Walman Optical
 Company
 327 2 St. Ste.3 Industrial Bldg 146 nd Duluth 55810 218.722.7034 800.945.3937
 Mississippi
 N 735 Hoya – Jackson 289 Commerce Park Dr., Ste. F Ridgeland 39157 844.736.5758
 N 234 Superior Optical
 Labs, Inc.
 6525 Sunplex Dr. Ocean Springs 39564 228.875.3796 800.476.2285
 Missouri
 N 605 Gateway Optical 18 Kirkham Industrial Dr. Webster
 Groves
 63119 314.968.1905 800.325.1416
 N 609 Midland Optical
 Co.
 1833 Knox Ave. St. Louis 63139 314.533.2020 800.325.3176
 Montana
 581 Walman Optical
 Company
 2747 Enterprise Ave. Ste. 3 Billings 59102 406.252.2143 800.759.5501
 Nebraska
 628 Walman Optical
 Company
 12240 Emmet St. Omaha 68164 402.492.8822 800.373.3200
 Nevada
 298 Doctors Optical
 Labs Nevada
 7330 Eastgate Rd. Ste. 130 Las Vegas 89011 702.463.6373
 583 Sierra Optical
 Laboratory
 1140 Financial Blvd. Reno 89521 775.432.2332
 N 809 Truckee-Sunstar
 Optical
 5960 Edmond St. Las Vegas 89118 702.739.8880
 815 Walman Optical
 Company
 5740 S. Arville St. Ste. 205-206 Las Vegas 89118 800.621.1150
 New Hampshire
 New Jersey
 296 Carl Zeiss Vision
 New Jersey
 10 Harmon Dr. Glen Oaks Industrial Park Blackwood 08012 866.596.5467
 N 445 M. H. Optical
 Supplies
 128 Leuning St. South
 Hackensack
 07606 201.489.1110 800.445.3090
 N 438 Sheridan Optical
 Company Inc.
 108 Clinton Ave. Pitman 08071 856.582.0963 800.704.1375
 New Mexico
 New York
   
     
   
     
     
   
     
   
   
     
   
    
   
    
    
   
   
     
    
    
     
    
    
    
    
    
    
Contract Labs: 
N 433 21 Century
 Optics, Inc.
 st 47-00 33 St. rd Long Island
 City
 11101 718.392.2310 800.221.4170
 431 ABB Labs NY 4 Skyline Drive Hawthorne 10532 866.866.8673
 N 403 Advance Optical 37 Goodway Dr. East Rochester 14623 585.427.0800 800.828.6331
 709 Lift Optics 1413 38 St. th Brooklyn 11218 646.969.9957
 648 Nova Optical
 Laboratory
 165 NY-303 Orangeburg 10962 800.668.2411
 N 407 Optogenics Of
 Syracuse**
 2840 Erie Blvd. East Syracuse 13224 315.446.7500 800.247.3072
 543 RLab 920 Emerson St Rochester 14606 585.254.0022
 N 406 Tri-Supreme
 Optical, LLC
 91 Carolyn Blvd Farmingdale 11735 631.249.2020 800.321.1100
 N 402 Winchester
 Optical
 1935 Lake St. Elmira 14901 607.734.4251 800.847.9357
 North Carolina
 504 Independent
 Optical
 Laboratories
 4253 Piedmont Pkwy. Greensboro 27410 336.814.9520
 N 207 Southern Optical
 Co.
 860 Aviation Pkwy, Ste. 1300 Morrisville 27560 919.469.1623 800.969.8256
 N 218 Southern Optical
 Co.
 1909 North Church St. Greensboro 27405 800.888.8842
 North Dakota
 N 653 Twin City Optical 1213 Continental Ave. Bismarck 58501 701.223.7640 800.258.4186
 624 Walman Optical
 Company
 1404 33 St.    South, Ste. K rd Fargo 58103 701.235.0571 800.678.9755
 670 Walman Optical
 Company
 17 2 Ave. SE nd Minot 58701 701.852.1048 800.735.5954
 Ohio
 N 638 Bell Optical
 Laboratory, Inc.
 3671 Interchange Dr. Columbus 43204 614.274.0840 800.776.8077
 N 103 Central One
 Optical
 6981 Southern Blvd. Boardman 44512 330.783.9660 800.322.6678
 282 Classic Optical 3710 Belmont Ave. Youngstown 44505 888.522.2020
 N 115 Hoya-Cleveland 94 Pelret Industrial Pkwy. Berea 44017 844.736.5750
 104 Interstate Optical
 Company, Inc.*
 680 Lindaire Ln. Mansfield 44906 419.529.6800 800.472.5790
 300 R and D Optical,
 LLC
 4024 Bach Buxton Rd. Batavia 45103 513.273.4034
 124 Walman Optical
 Company
 1851 Ebert Ave. Dayton 45439 937.298.0223 800.762.4827
 114 Walman Optical
 Company
 1201 Jefferson Ave. Toledo 43604 419.248.3384 800.472.0107
 199 VSPOne
 Columbus^
 2605 Rohr Rd. Lockbourne 43137 614.409.8900 800.251.5150
 Oklahoma
 N 545 Dunlaw Optical 1313 SW A Ave. Lawton 75301 800.678.4525
 216 Rx Optical 2006 N. Yellowood Ave. Broken Arrow 74012 918.459.3833 800.886.3467
 N 204 Team Duffens 713 SW 119 St. th Oklahoma City 73170 800.375.8326
 Oregon
     
    
   
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
   
   
    
   
     
    
    
    
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
Contract Labs: 
718 Carl Zeiss Vision
 Northwest
 14450 SE 98th Ct. Clackamas 97015 800.403.8997
 N 713 Hoya-Portland 4500 SE Criterion Ct. #220 Milwaukie 97222 844.736.5768
 N 711 Opti-Craft, Inc. 12130 NE Ainsworth Cir. Ste. 260 Portland 97220 503.256.5330 800.288.8078
 587 Pacific Artisan Lab 12302 NE Marx St. Portland 97230 877.390.6900
 Pennsylvania
 N 495 Allentown Optical
 Corp.
 525 Business Park Ln. Allentown 18109 610.433.5269 800.523.1141
 N 411 Balester Optical
 Company
 388 North River St. Wilkes-Barre 18702 570.824.7821 800.233.8373
 664 Beitler-McKee 160 South 22 St. nd Pittsburg 15203 412.481.4700
 680 Homer Optical
York
 60 Hokes Mill Rd. York 17404 717.843.1822
 N 490 K Optical, Inc. 29 West Main St. Hummelstown 17036 717.566.5681 800.548.7540
 N 443 Luzerne Optical
 Laboratories, Ltd.
 180 N. Wilkes-Barre Blvd. Wilkes-Barre 18702 570.822.3183 800.233.9637
 N 408 Three Rivers
 Optical Co.
 260 Bilmar Dr. Pittsburgh 15205 412.928.2020 800.756.2020
 N 436 Walman Optical
 Company
 150 Rose Ct. York 17402 717.767.5193 800.673.2425
 Puerto Rico
 868 MGM Excellence
 Processing
 Valle Tolima Industrial Park, Bldg 14 A 3 Caguas 00726 787.745.8875 787.782.2727
 Rhode Island
 N 481 McLeod Optical
 Co., Inc.
 50 Jefferson Park Rd. Warwick 02888 401.467.3000 800.288.5367
 526 Ocean State
 Optical
 100 Federal Way Johnston 02919 401.424.9411
 South Carolina
 212 Robertson Optical
 Lab
 411 Commerce Dr. NE Columbia 29223 803.254.9381 800.922.5525
 South Dakota
 633 Walman Optical
 Company
 623 S. Lyons Ave. Sioux Falls 57106 605.336.3650 800.843.7968
 Tennessee
 N 286 Hoya-Knoxville 1529 Western Ave. NW Knoxville 37921 844.736.5759
 211 Precision Optical
 Lab
 225 Overton Rd. Gallaway 38036 901.867.2991 800.238.6828
 N 265 Southern Optical
 Co.
 501 Merritt Ave. Nashville 37203 615.256.6631 800.333.8498
 N 288 Southern Optical
 Co.
 136B Industrial Park Rd. Piney Flats 37686 423.538.5544 800.888.2544
 Texas
 N 241 Duffens Optical
 Company
 3625 Willowbend Blvd. #110 Houston 77054 713.663.3000 800.392.9774
 N 242 Hoya-Dallas 651 E. Corporate Dr. Lewisville 75057 800.423.2361
 N 246 Omega Optical
 Company
 13675 N. Stemmons Fwy. Dallas 75234 972.241.4141 800.366.6342
 693 Optic Blue 3805 Avenue A Lubbock 79404 806.799.2583 
N 230 Wilson Optical 8990 Summerford Ln. El Paso 79907 915.859.3415 800.351.2287
             
 
     
   
    
    
   
    
    
   
     
    
    
    
    
   
 
Contract Labs: 
Utah
 Vermont
 Virginia
 281 Homer Optical
Virginia Beach
 5819 A Ward Ct. Virginia Beach 23455 757.460.2020
 N 318 Southern Optical
 Co.
 10813 Trade Rd. Richmond 23236 804.747.8700 800.229.5367
 Washington
 515 Central Optical
 Lab
 412 Diagonal St. Clarkston 99403 509.758.1791 800.366.1790
 N 568 Hoya-Seattle 2330 South 78 St. th Tacoma 98409 844.736.5771
 N 519 Jorgenson Optical
 Supply
 1901 S. Union Ave. B1001 Tacoma 98405 253.572.4522 800.426.8918
 573 Vision Craft, Inc. 202 South Front St. Yakima 98901 509.248.1951 800.733.3937
 539 Walman Optical
 Company
 20417 80th Ave. South Kent 98032 253.872.7137 800.752.5227
 West Virginia
 N 123 Bell Optical
 Laboratory, Inc.
 2182 Route 75, Ste. 2 Kenova 25530 304.429.8470 800.553.3402
 Wisconsin
 225 Fait Optics 35263 West State St. Burlington 53105 262.763.0100
 657 Walman Optical
 Company
 3108 Airport Rd. La Crosse 54603 608.784.5836 800.356.9504
 658 Walman Optical
 Company
 4005 Felland Rd, Ste. 116 Madison 53718 608.249.7364 800.736.6544
 659 Walman Optical
 Company
 7300 South 1 St. st Oak Creek 53154 414.764.8878 800.677.0680
 649 Walman Optical
 Company
 715 14 Ave. th Green Bay 54304 920.498.2928 800.365.2828
 N 668 WOS Optical 610 Lombardi Green Bay 54304 800.888.4454 800.888.4454
 Wyoming
 *Safety Eyewear monogrammed only by request.
 **Safety Eyewear not provided at this lab.
 ^Accepts only Elements, Advantage Elements, Medicaid Elements, and Safety/ProTec Safety orders
Page 47
 Patient Lens Enhancement Fees Instructions
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Don’t charge a fee for any lens enhancements covered by your patient’s plan. We’ll pay you a service fee, as shown on the VSP Signature Lens Enhancements Chart. Please note that if your
 patient is covered for plastic dyes, glass tints, or plastic or glass photochromics, there’s no service fee for these lens enhancements. There’s also no service fee for covered polycarbonate lenses
 when dispensed to children or handicapped patients.
 Polycarbonate lenses for monocular patients
 Don’t charge for the polycarbonate lens enhancement used by functionally monocular patients, defined as those having best corrected vision of 20/200 or worse in one eye. Polycarbonate
 lenses are covered.
 We’ll cover the lens enhancement fee, even if it’s not specifically covered by your patient’s plan. We’ll also pay you a service fee. Simply include the most appropriate ICD-10 diagnosis code
 describing your patient’s refractive error and level of visual impairment on the claim form.
 For members that do not require a prescription (plano) for the healthy eye, please use Z46.0 (Encounter for fitting and adjustment of spectacles and contact lenses) along with one of the
 appropriate monocular diagnosis codes below.
 Monocular Diagnosis Codes:
 The claim must be submitted with a polycarbonate lens enhancement and one of the following monocular diagnosis codes: H54.10, H54.40, H54.1131-H54.2X22, H54.413A-H54.415A and
 H54.42A3-H54.42A5.
 For lens enhancements that are covered with a copay, charge the patient according to the VSP Signature Lens Enhancements Chart or your U&C fee (whichever is lower). However, if a client has
 selected to cover a lens enhancement in full with a specific copay, collect the indicated copay.
 Important! 
If a lens enhancement is listed with an “N” or is Not Covered, the patient’s plan doesn’t allow that lens enhancement to be ordered for the patient. If the item is provided, we’ll deny payment for
 the lenses and frame, and the patient must pay for the entire cost of the lens and frame.
 Determining What to Charge the Patient
 VSP patient copays are all add-on fees. Your private-pay lens enhancement fees may be an add-on to your lens fee or included in your total lens fee. Example A shown below explains what to
 charge your patient when your U&C add-on fees are higher than VSP’s Patient Lens Enhancement fees. Example B explains what to charge your patient when your U&C add-on fees are lower
 than VSP’s Patient Lens Enhancement fees.
 Examples
 Example A Example B
 1. Convert your total U&C fees to add-on fees.
 Your U&C fee for Photogray Extra FT28 bifocal lenses is: $145 $125
 Subtract your U&C fee for clear FT28 bifocal lenses:-$100-$100
 Your U&C add-on fee for multifocal Photogray Extra is: $45 $25
 2. Determine what to charge your patient. Compare your U&C add-on fee to the VSP lens enhancement patient copay and select the lower of the two.
 Your U&C add-on fee for multifocal Photogray Extra: $45 $25
 The Patient Copay for multifocal Photochromic—Glass is: $37 $37
 Patient pays: $37 Go to Step 3 to continue
 The purpose of the following step is to adjust your U&C fee based on contract lab fees. This step preserves your service fees as necessary.
 3. (Example B only) Adjust the amount to charge your patient, if needed. If your U&C fee is lower than the Patient Copay, you’ll need to adjust the amount.
 Your U&C add-on fee for multifocal Photogray Extra is: $25
 Subtract your private lab’s add-on charge to you for multifocal Photogray Extra:-$15
 Your U&C service charge for multifocal Photogray Extra: $10
 Add the VSP Lens Enhancement Lab Allocation for multifocal Photogray Extra (Photochromic—Glass): +$23
 Your adjusted U&C add-on fee for multifocal Photogray Extra is: $33
 4. (Example B only) Compare your adjusted U&C add-on fee to the fee shown on the Patient Lens Enhancement list and charge the lower fee.
 Your adjusted U&C add-on fee for multifocal Photogray Extra is: $33
 The Patient Copay for multifocal Photochromic—Glass is: $37
 Patient pays: $33
 To offer more customized coverage to VSP Vision Care clients and members, we’ve developed several flexible lens enhancements programs that allow partial coverage for the most popular VSP
 lens enhancements, including anti-reflective (AR) coatings, photochromics, and progressives. Always refer to the online Patient Record Report and Lens Enhancements Charges report for
 complete information on lens enhancement coverage. Client specific copays will display under the heading Covered with Additional Copay, see amount followed by the specific lens
 enhancement and copay. 
Even though your patient can request a single lens instead of a pair of lenses, VSP doctors and labs are reimbursed for a complete pair of lenses. If your patient only orders one lens and then
 needs a second lens within 12 months, your patient is entitled to a second lens at no additional cost.
 If your patient gets a lens enhancement on a single lens order, charge them the full patient-lens enhancement price.
 Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
There may be instances where a patient ordering two prescription lenses, might only need a particular lens enhancement on one of the lenses, such as one plastic progressive lens and one
 single-vision plastic lens.
 Patient Charges
 If the lens enhancement is covered, don’t charge the patient. For other lens enhancements, charge the patient half of the VSP Patient Copay. Only half of the VSP lab allocation will be deducted
 from your VSP Explanation of Payment.
 Claim Submission
 When you submit orders electronically, indicate in Box 19 on the CMS-1500 Form “half-pair lens enhancement” and clearly describe half lens enhancement in Lab Special Instruction area,
 including which lens has the enhancement; left or right. If one lens is progressive and one is single vision, be sure to bill both lenses as progressive. Eyefinity will not accept SVL in one eye and
 progressive in the other.
 When you submit a paper claim, indicate in Box 19 on the CMS-1500 “half-pair lens enhancement”, indicate left or right eye and include the lab invoice.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 48
 Patient Lens Enhancement Explanations
 ®
 ®
 Below, you’ll find details about patient lens enhancements on the VSP Signature Plan and VSP Choice Plan Lens Enhancements Charts.
Style Lens Enhancement Codes
 Mid and High Index Plastic Lenses AB, BB, DB, FB, IB, JB, KB, NB, OB, AH, BH, DH, NH, OH, FH, JH, KH, AJ, BJ, DJ, NJ, OJ, FJ, JJ, KJ, II, IJ
 All plastic lenses with an index of refraction between 1.53 and 1.74 in both non-aspheric and aspheric designs, not including polycarbonate, use these codes. The price includes front and
 backside scratch-resistant coating and inherent UV protection.
 Glass AE
 Use this lens enhancement code for glass spherical lenses. This code is not applicable with progressive lenses.
 High Index Glass—Non-Aspheric AF
 All glass lenses with an index of refraction between 1.60 and 1.80 in non-aspheric designs.
 Polycarbonate AD, BD, DD, FD, ID, ND, OD, JD, KD
 These codes cover polycarbonate lenses. The price includes front and backside scratch-resistant coating and inherent UV protection.
 Trivex AB, BB, DB, FB, IB, JB, KB, NB, OB
 Lenses manufactured in Trivex fall into the Mid-Index category. These products include progressive, aspheric and non-aspheric designs. The lens enhancement price includes front and
 backside scratch resistant coating and inherent UV protection. Do not charge for factory scratch coating (category A) or UV protection on Trivex lenses.
 Aspheric Lenses AA, AB, AH, AJ, AD, AF
 Aspheric lenses ordered in 1.50 plastic are available using ‘AA’ code. If Aspheric lenses are ordered in high index plastic 1.53 -1.60/Trivex, high index plastic 1.66/1.67, or high index plastic 1.70
 and above, use code AA plus the appropriate fee for the material.
 Note: Cataract lenses aren’t categorized under aspheric. For cataract lens orders processed through eClaim, choose Lenticular from the pull-down menu under Vision Type. For paper orders
 processed with Material Invoices, choose the Other box and write Lenticular in the space provided.
 Digitally Surfaced Aspheric Lenses BA, BB, BD, BH, BJ
 Digital Aspheric lenses ordered in any plastic material are available using these codes. If Digital Aspheric lenses are ordered in high index plastic 1.53 -1.60/Trivex, high index plastic 1.66/1.67,
 or high index plastic 1.70 and above, or polycarbonate, use code BA plus the appropriate fee for the material. These additional costs are listed on the lens enhancement charts directly below
 the main lens charge (e.g., charge codes BA and BB, for 1.60 Digital Aspheric lenses).
 Occupational Lenses
 There is no charge to the patient for occupational lenses (e.g., double seg/double D, CRT trifocal, 10x35, 12x35, 14x35 and Datalite lenses). Single Vision glass occupational safety lenses are
 not available for use with VSP benefits. ED and FD trifocals aren’t paid under this category.
 Blended Myo-Disc
 For standard myo-disc orders on eClaim, choose “Lenticular” from the pull-down menu under Vision Type. For paper orders on a Materials Invoice, write “Lenticular” in the “Other” box.
 Blended Myo-Disc lenses are not available for use with VSP benefits.
 Polarized Lenses DA, DE, NP, OP, FP, JP, KP
 Single vision and lined multifocal plastic polarized lenses are included under code DA. Glass polarized lenses are included under code DE. If polarized lenses are ordered in high index plastic
 1.53-1.60/Trivex, high index plastic 1.66/1.67, high index plastic 1.70 and above, or polycarbonate, charge additionally for the appropriate material. These additional costs are listed on the lens
 enhancement charts directly below the main lens charge. (e.g., charge codes DA and DD for polarized lenses in polycarbonate). Premium polarized lenses are not available for use with VSP
 benefits.
 Plastic polarized lenses with a progressive design are included under progressive codes NP, OP, FP, JP, and KP and must be used with corresponding progressive codes NA, OA, FA, JA, and KA
 respectively. Do not use codes DA, DE, DB, DD, DH or DJ, for progressive polarized lenses.
 Note: Don’t charge for full UV protection on polarized lenses, since this is already included in the price. For backside only UV protection, charge the patient using lens enhancement BV.
 Near Variable Focus IA
 If near variable focus lenses are ordered in high index plastic 1.53-1.60/Trivex, high index plastic 1.66/1.67, high index plastic 1.70 and above, or polycarbonate, charge code IA plus IB, IA plus
 II, IA plus ID, or IA plus IJ. These lenses are only available pre-scratch coated; don’t charge for scratch resistant coating. In eClaim, choose Near Variable Focus from the pull-down menu
 under Vision Type. On paper, mark the Bifocal box located in the Lens Type section of the Materials Invoice form.
 Blended Bifocals GA
 Charge the GA code for blended bifocals in plastic.
Style Lens Enhancement Codes
 Doctor In-Office Lens Enhancements
 Doctors can provide the following lens enhancements in their office:
 Plastic Dyes—Pink I and II (IM)
 Plastic Dyes—Gradients (IP)
 Plastic Dyes—Solid Other Colors (IN)
 UV Protection - plastic lenses only (IV)
 Important! Tell the contract lab when your in-office lab will provide any of the above lens enhancements.
 Guidelines:
 You’re responsible for lenses to which you apply in-office lens enhancement. You must completely and carefully inspect lenses before beginning work on them. If the lenses become damaged
 (scratched, etc.), you’re responsible to replace the full cost of the lenses.
 You can provide in-office lens enhancements (plastic dyes and UV protection) only if the lens enhancement is the last step in the fabrication process. For example, anti-reflective coating must
 be applied after a lens has been tinted; so to avoid delay to your patient, the lab will complete the entire job including the tint. If a contract lab must dye or UV-coat the lens, the lab will
 replace the doctor code(s) with the lab code(s) for payment.
 If lab order information isn’t completed correctly to show you’ll provide the lens enhancement in-office, the lab may perform and receive payment for those services. However, if a lab order
 form is completed correctly to show lens enhancements supplied in-office and the lab inadvertently provides the lens enhancements, we will pay your office for the dispensed lens
 enhancements.
 When a redo is needed, you’ll be required to provide the lens enhancement in-office again, regardless of fault.
 You’re required to remit the tax on in-office lens enhancement s as appropriate.
 Progressive N/O/F/J/K NA, OA, FA, FE, JA, JE, KA, KE
 The difference between the progressive categories is determined only by the market price of the lenses. Refer to the Product Index for information on which codes to use with specific
 progressives.
 If progressive lenses are ordered in high index plastic 1.53-1.60/Trivex, high index plastic 1.66/1.67, high index plastic 1.70 and above, glass/high index glass, polycarbonate, or polarized,
 charge additionally for the appropriate material. These additional costs are listed on the lens enhancement charts directly below the main lens charge (e.g., charge codes JA and JD for
 Progressive J lenses in polycarbonate).
 If a progressive design includes asphericity, don’t charge extra. Asphericity is built into the lens enhancement price.
 Important! There is no additional charge for factory-applied scratch resistant coating (category A, code QQ) on any progressive lens, as the prices already includes factory scratch-resistant
 coating. If a progressive is available either uncoated or pre-scratch coated, the lab will always provide the pre-scratch coated version.
 Plastic Dyes MM, MN, MP
 Patients are covered for all plastic Pink I and II solid dyes, which can be ordered under a variety of names including Cruxite A, Cruxite AX, Softlite A, Softlite B, Rose I, Rose II, Flesh, Blush,
 Nutratint Pink, and Lite Pearl.
 Charge code MN for all other plastic color solid dyes. Code MP includes single, double, and triple gradients.
 You may provide plastic dyes in-office (lens enhancement codes IM, IN, and IP). Please refer to Doctor In-Office Lens Enhancements for instructions on specifying in-office lens enhancements
 on a lab order form.
 Glass Tints MQ, MR
 Patients are covered for all glass Pink I and II tints. Charge code MR for all other tints. Glass yellow tints are not available for use with VSP benefits.
 Glass Color Coatings MS, MT
 Charge code MS for solid glass color coatings and MT for gradient glass color coatings.
 Photochromics—Glass PM
 Charge this code for photochromic glass lenses.
 Photochromics—Plastic PR
 Charge this code for photochromic plastic lenses. These lenses come with UV protection and scratch resistant coating; do not charge separately.
Anti-Reflective Coatings A QM
 All anti-reflective coatings except those specifically listed under Anti-Reflective Coatings C or D, are in this category. Many anti-reflective coatings have scratch-resistant properties. Contract
 labs must use the same anti-reflective “formula” and coating methods for your VSP patients that they use for private work (e.g., some labs always include scratch-coated base lenses with their
 anti-reflective coatings). The scratch-resistant coating (codes QQ and QS) can’t be used in conjunction with any anti-reflective coating.
 Anti-Reflective Coatings C, and D QT, QV
 These anti-reflective categories are for reviewed and categorized AR coatings that are more durable than other AR coatings. All AR brands under these categories are guaranteed for two
 years, covering any scratches (normal wear) on the coating and lenses. Please see the Product Index for brands under these categories.
 Don’t use the scratch-resistant coating (codes QQ and QS) in conjunction with any anti-reflective coating.
 Mirror Coatings QP
 Silver and gold mirror coatings, including solid and single gradient, are captured in this category. This includes base color (excluding yellow glass tint), if any. For any colored or double gradient
 mirror coatings, charge Ski Type Coating (code QR).
 Scratch-Resistant Coating A, Factory Applied QQ
 This applies only to factory applied scratch-resistant coatings on standard plastic (CR-39) lenses.
 Note: Dip and spin coatings are effective and required for the backside of polycarbonate, mid-index, and high-index plastic materials and are included in those prices.
 Don’t charge for Scratch-Resistant Coating A on anti-reflective, progressive, polycarbonate, photochromic, and high-index plastic lenses. The prices for these materials include front and
 backside coating.
 If a lens has a unique design and is only available with a scratch-resistant coating (e.g., plastic photochromic), don’t charge for the scratch-resistant coating. If a lens is available with or without
 a factory scratch-resistant coating, and the coated version is chosen, charge for the coating. It is assumed the particular lens was chosen for the coating.
 There is no additional charge for scratch-resistant coating on any progressive lens. The prices for progressive lenses in standard plastic include factory scratch-resistant coating. Most
 progressive brands are only available pre-scratch-coated. If a progressive brand is available either uncoated or pre-scratch-coated, the pre-scratch-coated version must always be provided by
 the contract lab.
 We require contract labs to guarantee scratch-resistant coatings on prescriptions for VSP orders for at least one year under normal wear or the lab’s policy for private orders, whichever is
 longer.
 Ski Type Coating QR
 Use this code for duplications of proprietary coatings (e.g., Revo, Vuarnet, Suncloud, Serengeti, Bolle, and Sportlife), double-mirror gradient, color mirror, and dielectric mirror coatings. This
 price includes the base tint and color coating (excluding yellow glass tint), if any.
 For any solid or single-gradient silver and gold mirror coating, charge Mirror Coating (code QP).
 Scratch-Resistant Coating B (Other Reviewed Coatings) QS
 Charge this code for non-factory-applied scratch-resistant coatings reviewed and categorized by VSP. You can charge these scratch coatings with progressive, polycarbonate, photochromic, as
 well as mid-index or high-index plastic lenses. Scratch-resistant coatings can’t be billed with anti-reflective coatings (codes QM, QT, or QV).
 Oversize RM, RN
 Charge code RM for any lenses supplied with a 61 mm eyesize or greater in plastic. Charge code RN for any lenses supplied with a 61 mm eyesize or greater in glass. Use the eyesize stated by
 the frame manufacturer to see if the oversize applies.
Rimless Drill/Notched Mountings - SW
 Charge this code for rimless drilled or notched mountings. Slotted lenses that require the use of a non-VSP contract lab are unavailable on VSP orders. Labs with private policies to only drill
 and mount certain material types (e.g., polycarbonate, Trivex) may also apply these policies to our prescriptions. If you already include the cost of rimless drill/notched amounts in your frame
 cost, please deduct that cost to ensure patients are not double billed for this enhancement. Follow the contract lab’s private redo policy to handle doctor redo requests caused by lens
 breakage on drilled prescriptions.
 Anti-Fog Coatings
 Any anti-fog coating, spray-on or otherwise, is not available for use with VSP benefits.
 Balance Lens
 A spectacle lens of undesignated power serving only to balance the weight and the appearance of its mate in front of the other eye. Do not charge your patient for balanced lens services.
 Beveling
 Rolled edges or special placement of lenses in the frame (e.g., hide-a-bevel, fifty-fifty) are included in the base lens price. Don’t charge your patient separately. Interchangeable lenses for
 “sport” frames are not available for use with VSP benefits.
 Cement Segs (laminating a wafer segment onto the lens)
 Cement Segs are not available for use with VSP benefits.
 Center Thickness Below 1.5 mm—
 Polycarbonate Minus Powers Only
 Center thicknesses below 1.5 mm on all applicable plastic materials are covered. Don’t charge your patient extra for center thickness below 1.5 mm.
 Clip-Ons
 If the clip-on is priced with the frame (e.g., a frame’s wholesale cost, including a clip-on, is $69.95), and can only be ordered with the frame, write the cost of the frame and clip-on in the frame
 cost box.
 If the clip-on is priced separately from the frame (e.g., the frame’s wholesale cost is $45.85 and the clip-on’s wholesale cost is $29.95), charge your patient the retail price of the clip-on as a
 private transaction.
 Custom Measurement
 Each time you submit a claim for an eligible lens and include the frame wrap, pantoscopic tilt, and vertex distance, the CM code and HCPC v2702 Deluxe Lens Feature will automatically be
 added to your claim. All three measurements are required to receive the additional reimbursement.
 Review the Lens Enhancements Charges Report when authorizing benefits. VSP will reimburse you directly for additional custom measurements when patients are covered for progressive
 lenses with or without a copay. For other progressives, you’ll collect the patient copay and see a VSP lab allocation on your Explanation of Payment.
 Refer to the VSP Signature Plan Lens Enhancements Chart, VSP Choice Plan Len Enhancements Chart, or the Product Index for eligible lenses.
 Special Measurement
 This is a measurement that provides additional customization and may vary by lens design. 
Diving Mask
 If the lenses have an adapter within the mask, charge the lens enhancement codes that apply. Lenses that are glued directly into the mask are not available for use with VSP benefits.
 Edge Coating, Painted Groove
 SQ
 This applies to edge coating or painted groove.
 Note: “Painted Groove” refers to cosmetic grooving and painting of the lens edge. It doesn’t refer to grooving needed for rimless mountings. There’s no additional charge to your patient for
 rolled edges or grooving of rimless mountings.
 Edge Polish
 SP
 Charge lens enhancement code “SP” for a high luster edge polish.  Do not charge for "satin" edge polish.
 Engravings
 Engravings aren’t available. Handle engravings as a private transaction between you and the lab and charge the patient your U&C fees.
 Facetted Lenses
 SR
 This applies to single and double faceting, and includes polishing.
 Specialty sculpturing (e.g., Multi Facet Lenses, Billy Brock Facets, etc.) are a private transaction between you, the lab, and the patient. Charge your patient 80% U&C.
 Frosted Lenses
 These are included in the base lens price. Don’t charge your patient separately.
 Half-Pair Orders
 Your patient may need a prescription with a half-pair lens enhancement, such as one plastic progressive lens and one single vision plastic lens. Please refer to the section on Half-Pair Orders
 for ordering and claim submission information.
 High Luster Edge Polish
 SP
 Charge code SP for high luster edge polish.
 Important! If a high luster edge polish is provided at your request, the contract labs must always code for this even if it’s provided privately at no additional charge (e.g., polycarbonate).
 When you request a specific lens package that is defined as including high-luster edge polish, the high luster edge polish is to be provided as billed.
 Note: Don’t charge your patient for rolled edges or for grooving of rimless mountings.
 Lenticular
 This applies to aphakic lenses (e.g., hyper-aspheric and Welsh 4-drop lenses), and standard myo-disc lenses. For eClaim orders, choose Lenticular from the pull-down menu under Vision
 Type. For paper orders on a Materials Invoice, write “Lenticular” in the “Other” box.
 Modified Lens Shapes (for any style of frame or mounting)
 Modified lens shapes aren’t available and should be handled as a private transaction between you and the lab. Charge your U&C fee for modified lens shape.
No-fault Warranties
 No-fault warranties aren’t available and should be handled as a private transaction between you and the lab. Charge your U&C fee for the no-fault warranty.
 Nose Pads
 Don’t charge your patients for replacement nose pads. The addition of adjustable guard arms and pads and zyl build-ups is a private transaction between you, the lab, and the patient. Charge
 your patient 80% of U&C.
 Prism: Ground-in Prism and Press on Prism
 Don’t charge your patients for ground-in prism or press on prism.
 Satin Edge Polish
 VSP does not define Satin Edge polishes. Please consult your lab regarding their definition of Satin Edge polish. Don’t charge patients extra for providing any type of edge polish except “High
 Luster Edge Polish.”
 Safety Eyewear
 Our contract labs must meet ANSI standards for lens production. Certified safety eyewear is defined as lenses and frames that meet the criteria listed below (from “Are you ready for ANSI
 Z87.1-2003” sponsored by OLA, Titmus, Colts Laboratories; Q7M.06.03.WHA; SAL2246 REV.06.03).
 Prescription Lenses
 There are two categories of lenses in the standard: basic impact and high impact.
 Basic Impact: Must be 3.00 mm thick, except those lenses having a plus power of 3.00D or greater, which must have a minimum thickness of 2.5 mm.
 High Impact: Must not be less than 2.00 mm thick at their thinnest point.
 Lens Marking
 All marking is permanent.
 Manufacturer’s logo—complies with Basic Impact test requirements
 +—Complies with High Impact test requirements
 Applicable shade designation
 V—Photochromic lenses
 S—Special purpose lenses
 Impact
 Basic Impact Prescription Lenses
 Must be capable of resisting impact from a 25.4 mm (1 in) steel ball dropped from a height of 127 mm (50 in). The lens must not fracture.
 Glass lenses must be tested 100 percent.
 Plastic lenses must be statistically sample tested.
 High Impact Prescription Lenses
 Must be tested to the high-velocity impact test. The lenses must be mounted on a test holder and must be capable of resisting impact from a 6.35 mm (0.25 in) diameter steel ball traveling
 at a velocity of 45.7 m/s (150 ft/s). Three lenses must be tested.
 Failure consists of any posterior displacement of the lens completely through the test holder; any fracture of the lens; any detachment of a portion of the lens from its inner surface; or full
 thickness penetration of a lens.
 If all test lenses pass, any prescription lens of the same or greater thickness at its thinnest point made by the same manufacturer and from the same material with the same coatings may
 bear the “+” mark.
 Frames
 Made so that if impacted from the front, the lens won’t come out of the back of the frame.
 All frames made after August 19, 2003, must be tested with 2.0 mm High Impact lenses.
 Frames meeting the High Impact requirement must bear the mark Z87-2, and may be used for both Basic Impact and High Impact applications.
 Important! If the finished product only meets the Basic Impact requirements, the lab must attach a hangtag stating, “This eyewear meets the Basic Impact Requirements of ANSI Z87.1-2003,
 but should not be relied upon for protection from high-impact exposures.” Only the patient may remove this label.
 Side Shields
 Add the cost of side shields to the wholesale cost of the frame. Indicate the total cost in the Frame Cost box on eClaim or the Materials Invoice Form.
 Slab-Off
 Don’t charge your patient for slab-off.
 Technical Add-On
 TA
 For single vision lenses this lens enhancement applies to digital designs that include an extra fixed ADD power in the lower part of the lens. These are also known as anti-fatigue lenses.
 VSP’s minimum prescription requirements must be met in order to be used with VSP benefits.
 For multifocal lenses this lens enhancement applies to designs that require a special measurement that provides additional customization. 
Note: Charge this code in conjunction with qualifying digital single vision lenses and qualifying multifocal lenses.
 UV Protection
 SV
 This lens enhancement includes UV treatment and UV coating. Don’t use this lens enhancement code in conjunction with mid- or high-index plastic, polycarbonate, trivex, plastic
 photochromic, or polarized lenses. These lenses block 98-100 percent UVA and UVB by nature of the material or color of the lens. You may provide UV protection in-office on plastic lenses
 only (code IV).See Doctor In-Office Lens Enhancements  for instructions.
 Per ANSI Z80 standards, “Manufacturers of lenses who claim specific ultraviolet attenuating properties shall state the average percent transmittance between 290 and 315nm (UVB) and
 between 315 and 380nm (UVA).” Note that blocking wavelengths above 380nm interferes with the visible spectrum and may impact the color of the lens.
 Note: This does not include UV Protection-Backside. Please refer to UV Protection-Backside (BV), when ordering an AR Coating that is inherent with backside UV.
 UV Protection-Backside
 Charge this code in conjunction with qualifying anti-reflective coatings that include an additional back surface ultra-violet protection.
 Light Filter
 BV
 LF
 This lens enhancement will be used for lenses with blue light filtering technology embedded directly into the lens. It will not be applied to blue light filtering Anti-Reflective Coatings.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 49
 Sales Tax
 VSP doesn’t pay sales tax to providers. Charge sales tax to your patients, as you normally would, based on your state’s sales tax laws and regulations.
 VSP Acquisition Costs
 If appropriate, use the amount paid to the lab on your behalf to assist with your sales tax calculations.
 Base Lenses: VSP’s acquisition costs for base lenses are:
 Single Vision: $12.67
 Bifocal/Progressive: $24.56
 Trifocal/Other: $35.95
 ®,
 ®
 Lens Enhancements: Refer to the appropriate Lens Enhancements Charts (VSP Signature Plan VSP Choice Plan , or VSP Advantage Network) depending on the patient’s plan type and use the
 Charge Back amount to determine the amount paid to the lab for each lens enhancements.
Page 50
 Proprietary Lens and Frame
 
 
Genuine brand name RX lenses that must be sent to the frame company’s lab or a non-VSP contract lab.
 Frame and lens mounting that can’t be fabricated at a VSP contract lab.
 Some proprietary products are available for use with VSP benefits under the Proprietary Lens and Frame Procedure. Please refer to the Guidelines below for information.
 This isn’t a complete list of products. Please refer to the Product Index for a complete list.
 Description Sample Products Guidelines
 Proprietary Genuine Brand Lens & Frame: Genuine brand name
 Rx lenses that must be sent to the frame company’s lab or a
 non-VSP contract lab
 Bollé
 Costa Del Mar
 Oakley
 Panoptx
 Serengeti
 Suncloud
 Adlens Focuss (Adlens)
 Wiley X
 For products listed in the Product Index as a proprietary lens and frame, see Proprietary Lens
 and Frame Orders.
 Products not listed in the Product Index aren’t covered. Call VSP at 800.615.1883 to verify
 coverage and receive billing instructions.
 Reproductions of genuine brand name lenses, that are
 produced in a contract lab
 Bollé
 Costa Del Mar
 Maui Jim
 Oakley
 Panoptx
 Serengeti
 Suncloud
 Use a contract lab and applicable lens enhancement code(s).
 Proprietary Frame Mounting: Any frame and lens mounting
 combination that can’t be fabricated by a VSP contract lab
 Click 12—lenses
 Eyephorics—lenses
 Kazuo Kawasaki—lenses
 Nikon Performance
 Packages
 Silhouette/Adidas—sport
 insert #A741
 SwissFlex—lenses w/oval
 drill holes
 Wiley X
 For products listed in the Product Index as a proprietary lens and frame, see Proprietary Lens
 and Frame Orders.
 Products not listed in the Product Index aren’t covered. Call VSP at 800.615.1883 to verify
 coverage and receive billing instructions.
 Complicated lens/frame mounts that some contract labs can
 fabricate
 Air Titanium—notched
 lenses
 Silhouette—rimless lenses
 Lindberg Optic Design—
 lenses
 Toki—rimless lenses
 Use a contract lab and applicable lens enhancement code(s).
 Fitovers, or frames made specifically to fit over a pair of
 prescription eyeglasses
 Fitovers Covered only when glazed with prescription lenses. If your patient has plano benefits, a
 frame with plano lenses can be used. Otherwise, fitovers aren’t covered by VSP and handled
 privately.
 Readers Scojo Vision, LLC Readers are only covered if the generic lenses supplied with the frame are replaced with
 custom prescription lenses at the time of purchase. Otherwise, they’re not covered by VSP
 and should be handled as a private transaction.
 Diving masks when Rx-able lenses are glued directly into the
 mask
 This is not available for use with VSP benefits. If dispensed, VSP benefits can’t be applied to
 the lens OR frame. This is a private transaction between you and the patient. Do not submit
 claims to VSP for payment.
 General sports goggles with an adapter or insert in which a lab
 can fabricate and mount lenses relatively easily Includes diving
 masks with an adapter.
 Rec Specs
 Silhouette–Adidas
 Please use a contract lab and all applicable lens enhancement code(s).
 Clip-ons with frame, priced as one unit are considered a single
 frame.
 See Patient Lens
 Enhancements
 Explanations.
 Handle this frame as you would any other frame. Enter the wholesale single unit price in
 wholesale frame cost box. If the frame is unlisted, enter the acquisition cost in the wholesale
 frame cost box.
 Clip-ons priced separately from frame. These are not covered by VSP and constitute a private transaction between the doctor and
 patient.
 The two products available to process as a private order for proprietary lens and frame order are:
 Check the Product Index        to see if a product is available as a proprietary lens and frame.
 Important! 
This is only available for genuine brand name RX lenses that must be sent to the frame company’s lab or a non-VSP contract lab and frame and lens mounting that can’t be fabricated at a VSP
 contract lab.
 Charge your patient 80% of your U&C fee, minus the lens allowance and your scheduled lens dispensing fee. Lens Enhancements normally covered for your patient aren’t covered under
 Proprietary Lens and Frame process.
 Note: 
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
Collect material, and/or lens copays as you normally would.
 Calculating Patient Out-of-pocket Expenses
 Determine your U&C fee for the lens
 Deduct 20%.
 Subtract the RX lens allowance listed below
 Single Vision: $20
 Bifocal/Progressive: $35
 Trifocal: $45
 Subtract your assigned lens-dispensing fee available on your Assigned Fee Report on VSPOnline at eyefinity.com.
 Add applicable copays
 The following table is an example you can use to calculate patient charges:
 Calculating Patient Charges on Proprietary Lens and Frame Orders
 U&C fee for lens
 Deduct 20%
 Subtotal
 Subtract VSP proprietary RX lens allowance
 Subtract your assigned lens dispensing fee
 Add any applicable copays collected from patient.
 Patient’s out-of-pocket expense
 Calculate the patient’s out-of-pocket expenses for frame as you normally would, according to section Providing Frames.
 Electronic Claim Submission
 Order proprietary lens and frame through eClaim at eyefinity.com:
 Choose the vision type (single vision, bifocal, etc.) in the pull-down menu.
 Choose the material type (plastic, glass, etc.) in the pull-down menu.
 Select “Proprietary Genuine Brand Lens & Frame” or “Proprietary Frame Mounting” as the lens choice.
 Choose Non IDC Lab Invoice. (Lab 0100 is allowed when tied to Proprietary Lens and Frame)
 Enter a comment in Box 19 on the CMS-1500 form that includes the lab’s private invoice cost and the product name:
 Continue normal claim submission
 EXAMPLE: Frame and Lens Mounting not available through a VSP Contract Lab – Non-VSP mounting Bolle - $500.50
 EXAMPLE: Genuine Brand RX lenses not available through a VSP Contract Lab – Genuine Brand RX Costa Del Mar - $500.50
 Note: 
Please keep a copy of the lab invoice for your files. We may ask for a copy if there’s a question about your submission.
 Paper Claim Submission
 Submit your patient’s claim form and the lab’s private invoice to VSP.
 Enter a comment in Box 19 on the CMS-1500 form that includes the lab’s private invoice cost and the product name:
 EXAMPLE: Frame and Lens Mounting not available through a VSP Contract Lab – Non-VSP mounting Bolle - $500.50
 EXAMPLE: Genuine Brand RX lenses not available through a VSP Contract Lab – Genuine Brand RX Costa Del Mar - $500.50
 Provider Reimbursement
 We’ll reimburse you for the lens allowance, in addition to your scheduled lens dispensing fee and other fees that may apply.
 First-Time Redos on Proprietary Lens and Frame Orders
 First-time redos are a private transaction between you and the patient.
  $- $
  $- $- $
  $
  $
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 51
 Doctor In-Office Lens Enhancements
 You may provide the following lens enhancements in your office:
 Plastic Dyes—Pink I and II (IM)
 Plastic Dyes—Gradients (IP)
 Plastic Dyes—Solid Other Colors (IN)
 UV Protection (IV)
 Please refer to Patient Lens Enhancements Explanations for rules related to each lens enhancement.
 Important! 
Refer to the VSP In-Office Finishing Program section for information and requirements regarding finishing Signature or Choice single vision stock lenses in your office.
 You’ll be paid the lab fee, plus the service fee, and any tax that applies. Payment will appear under the CO (covered options) column of your statement. For UV protection provided in-office,
 please note the following:
 UV protection can’t be added to lenses that inherently block UV.
 Applicable ANSI standards must be met.
 Doctor-applied UV protection must block 98-100 percent of UVA/UVB rays.
 Charge your patient the correct Patient Copay in the VSP Lens Enhancements Chart. We won’t deduct any lab charge backs from your check because you’re providing the lab service for these
 items. When providing in-office lens enhancements, please note:
 Please carefully inspect any lenses before doing any work on them. If you damage a lens, you’re responsible for replacing it.
 You may provide in-office lens enhancements (plastic dyes and UV protection) only if the lens enhancement is the last step in the fabrication process. For example, anti-reflective coating must
 be applied after a lens has been tinted. So the entire job, including the tint, will be done by the lab to avoid delays. If the lab must dye or UV-coat the lens, the lab will replace the doctor
 code(s) with its lab code(s) for payment.
 When a redo is required, you must provide the in-office lens enhancement again, regardless of fault. We also require labs to provide original lab-supplied lens enhancements on first-time
 redos.
 If the lab order information isn’t completed properly, the lab may do the work and get payment for services. If the lab inadvertently provides services when the order information is completed
 correctly, you’ll be paid.
 You’re required to remit tax on in-office services, as appropriate.
 These In-office lens enhancements cannot be billed on IOF lenses.
 Important! 
You must tell the lab that you’re supplying in-office lens enhancements.
 On eClaim
 Complete the Invoice Services page.
 If supplying a plastic dye, select the appropriate lens enhancement in the Tint Type field:
 If supplying a UV coating, select Doctor Supplied UV Coating in the UV coating field.
 The appropriate lab codes will be automatically generated.
 Plastic Dr Supplied—Gradient Color
 Plastic Dr Supplied—Solid (except Pink 1 and 2)
 Plastic Dr Supplied—Solid Pink 1 and 2
 On Paper
 For appropriate payment, mark the following areas on the Materials Invoice Form:
 1. In the Lens Enhancement Code boxes of the Lab Information section, enter the code(s) in the spaces provided:
 Example:
 Note: 
Only fill in the Lab Information section when you provide an approved in-office service. Please don’t complete any other fields in this section; this space is designed for lab use.
 2. Enter “Dr Sup” (Doctor Supplied) in the Special Instructions section to inform the lab you’re providing the specified services. Also specify the lens tint color in the Plastic Dyes section or enter
 “UV” in the Coatings section for the record.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 52
 Providing Frames
 VSP’s material benefit is designed to provide corrective eyewear to members with visual needs. The minimum criteria for coverage is below. Unless your patient has plano coverage, plano or
 demo lenses may not be provided in a frame billed to VSP (exceptions apply; see LightCare Enhancement or Laser VisionCare: postoperative care). Providing frames with plano or demo lenses or
 providing demo lenses back to a patient for the purpose of placing them in a VSP covered frame is a violation of VSP’s policy.
 If the patient does not have plano coverage as described above, the patient must pay for the non-covered frame as an out-of-pocket expense if the frame will contain plano lenses.
 General guidelines when providing frames for VSP patients:
 Depending on lab policy, you can send the frame from your office to the lab, have the frame shipped directly from the manufacturer, or use a frame supplied by the lab.
 Unless your patient is eligible for plano lenses, only provide frames with prescription lenses in them that meet our minimum prescription criteria.
 Lenses that don’t meet our minimum prescription criteria aren’t covered by VSP and can’t be dispensed to your patient in or with a VSP-covered frame.
 VSP’s minimum prescription criteria:
 The combined power in any meridian is ±0.50 diopters or greater in at least one eye or one of the following exceptions occurs:
 —Necessary prism of 0.50 diopters or greater in at least one eye
 —Anisometropia is 0.50 diopters or greater in at least one eye
 —Cylinder power is ±0.50 diopters or greater in at least one eye
 Frame companies listed on the Frame Companies/Lines List have completed our application and meet the following criteria:
 ®
 The manufacturer provides us and our doctors with current catalogs and wholesale price lists for their frames, or the manufacturer is listed in the Frames catalog.
 Catalog price or manufacturer’s wholesale price doesn’t exceed a 25% markup over the typical acquisition price.
 When billing us for listed frame companies/lines, please use the frame price indicated on the manufacturer’s wholesale price list or the Frames catalog list as the wholesale cost. If the
 manufacturer is not listed on VSP’s Frame Companies/Lines List, use your acquisition price when indicating the wholesale cost for in-network frames.
 Keep invoices of frame purchases other than those on the Frame Companies/Lines List for at least six years (ten years for Medicare managed care program providers) or as required by
 federal/state law, from the date of its creation or the date when it last was in effect whichever is greater. We may ask you for these invoices.
 We include listed frame companies’ entire collections unless otherwise noted.
 The purpose of the VSP Frame Companies/Lines List is solely to ease the administration of wholesale frame calculations and provider reimbursement rates. The list does not specify or guarantee
 that any particular frame manufacturer or frame brand will be covered by VSP at in-network rates. Certain manufacturers and/or brands may be designated by VSP as “out-of-network” and will
 be reimbursed on an out-of-network basis; this only applies to manufacturers or brands specifically designated as “out-of-network” frames.
 No frame manufacturers or brands are currently on this list.
 ®
 Under the VSP Signature Plan , your patient’s frame allowance is represented by a combination of the wholesale frame amount and corresponding retail amount for which your patient is
 covered. Although patients will only be informed of their retail allowance, they’re covered for any in-network (or covered) frame less than or equal to their wholesale or retail allowance.
 Effective January 1, 2014, most patients with a VSP Signature Plan will have an extra $20 on top of their frame allowance when they select Marchon or Altair frames. Look for the wholesale and
 retail allowances for Marchon/Altair and all other frames indicated on the Patient Record Report at authorization. You’ll be reimbursed based on the wholesale equivalent of the patient’s retail
 allowance for Marchon and Altair frames.
 ®
 ®
 Your patient can apply the frame allowance to any frame, listed or unlisted, (except for out-of-network frames in which case the patient’s out-of-network frame allowance should be applied). If
 patients choose unlisted frames, use your acquisition cost instead of the Frames catalog price when submitting the “wholesale cost” to VSP.
 There is no charge to patients for standard frame cases; however, you may charge patients for special orders or for deluxe frame cases.
 VSP does not provide a dispensing fee when a patient-supplied frame is used and patients can’t be charged any additional fees.
 Frame Overages
 Charge your patient according to our frame overage procedures. When patients choose frames exceeding both their wholesale and equivalent retail allowances, they’re responsible for overages
 (any amount exceeding their retail frame allowance at 80% of your U&C). Don’t charge your patient more than 80% of U&C for frame overage, plus sales tax if it applies.
 Don’t bill patients for standard costs to ship frames to you. Non-standard shipping costs are a private transaction between you and your patients. Tell patients what the cost will be before
 ordering frames.
 Total charges to patients can’t exceed the retail price of frames.
Page 53
 Frame Companies/Lines
 The manufacturer provides us and our doctors with current catalogs and wholesale price lists for their frames, or the manufacturer is listed in the “Frames” catalog.
 Catalog price or manufacturer’s wholesale price doesn’t exceed a 25% markup over your typical acquisition price.
 A
 Abba Optical, Inc.
 Aim Optics
 Allure
 Altair Eyewear
 B
 Best Image
 Bolle´ America
 Boston Eye Designs
 C
 CAC Optical, Inc.
 Capri Optics
 Charmant Inc., USA
 Clariti Eyewear, Inc.
 ClearVision Optical
 Colors in Optics, Ltd.
 Continental Sales Co.
 Costa Del Mar
 D
 Dan’s Optical Supplies
 De Rigo USA
 E
 Eastern States Optical
 Eight to Eighty Eyewear
 Eyewear Designs Ltd.
 F
 Fast Metal, LLC
 First Look Optic
 G
 Global Optique, Inc.
 H
 Hudson Optical Corp.*
 Frame companies on the Frame Companies/Lines List have completed our application and meet the following criteria:
 When billing us for listed frame companies/lines, please use the frame price indicated on the manufacturer’s wholesale price list, or the “Frames” catalog list as the wholesale cost. If the
 manufacturer is not listed on VSP’s Frame Companies/Lines List, use your acquisition price when indicating the wholesale cost for in-network frames.
 If you haven’t populated a wholesale frame cost, your Explanation of Payment may show a claim denial message.
 Note: 
Keep invoices of frame purchases other than those on the Frame Companies/Lines List for at least six years (ten years for Medicare managed care program providers) or as required by
 federal/state law, from the date of its creation or the date when it last was in effect, whichever is greater. We may ask you for these invoices.
 The purpose of the VSP Frame Companies/Lines list is solely to ease the administration of wholesale frame calculations and provider reimbursement rates. The list does not specify or guarantee
 that any particular frame manufacturer or frame brand will be covered by VSP at in-network rates. Certain manufacturers and/or brands may be designated by VSP as “out-of-network” and will
 be reimbursed on an out-of-network basis; this only applies to manufacturers or brands specifically designated as “out-of-network” frames as listed in the Providing Frames section of the VSP
 Manual.
 No frame manufacturers or brands are currently on this list.
 Entries don’t imply endorsement, promotion, contracts, or any other relationship between VSP and listed companies. We’ll include listed companies’ entire collections unless otherwise noted.
 
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
I
 Imagewear
 Inspecs USA (formerly Gone Vision Group)
 International Point of View, Inc.
 J
 Jordan Eyewear, Inc.
 JR Vision Group
 K
 Kala Eyewear/Golden Gate Optical USA
 Kenmark Optical/Lancer Int’l
 Kering Eyewear USA, Inc.
 Kio Yamato
 L
 L & Y Optical Wholesale
 LBI Company
 L’Amy, Inc.
 LG Eyewear
 Luxottica Group
 M
 Marchon
 Marcolin
 Masunaga Group, Inc.
 Maui Jim
 McGee Group, The
 Modern Optical Ltd. (except Best B-Eyes & Modern Times)
 Modo Eyewear
 N
 New Millennium Eyewear Group, Inc.
 New Trends Eyewear
 O
 O.G.I. Frames, Inc.
 On-Guard Safety Corp.*
 Optimate, Inc.
 Otego Optical
 P
 
 
R
 Red 88 Eyewear
 Revolution Eyewear
 Rodenstock
 ROI
 Royal Vision Int'l. Co.
 S
 Safilo USA
 SAMA Eyewear
 Signature Eyewear
 Silhouette
 Spectacle Eyeworks
 Standard Optics
 Styl-Rite Optical
 Symmetry Eyewear
T
 Tura
 U
 Ultra/Palm Optical Co., Inc.
 V
 W X Y Z
 Warszawski USA (Rimmel)
 WestGroup
 Wiley X Eyewear*
 Windsor Eyes (formerly Windsor Optical/ Ambassador Eyewear)
 Zimco Optics, Inc. (except Budget Collection)
 Zyloware
 * Safety Eyewear frame company.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 54
 First-Time Doctor Redos
 The following doctor redo policies and procedures apply to all plans requiring the use of a contract lab. Acceptable first-time doctor redos for lenses only maybe done at your discretion without
 pre-certification:
 Your patient cannot be charged for redos required because you or your office staff made errors.
 A frame change alone is not an acceptable first-time redo (see Frame Changes, below).
 Second or subsequent requests for a lens redo are private transactions between you, the lab, and your patient.
 Providers are not paid any additional service fees when an additional covered lens enhancement is added to the lens redo.
 For Signature and Choice single vision stock lenses finished in your office through the VSP In-Office Finishing Program, refer to the VSP In-Office Finishing Program section for information and
 requirements regarding first-time doctor redos of these lenses.
 The following criteria must be met to qualify as a first-time doctor redo:
 The same doctor and lab must be used for both the original and redo prescriptions.
 The redo must be requested within six months from the date of service.
 The redo is for lenses only.
 One of the following requirements is met:
 Requirements
 Acceptable first-time doctor redos require at least one of the following:
 Power changes (not including changes resulting in plano lenses)
 Axis changes
 Segment height/segment style changes due to non-adaptation (e.g., FT28 to Executive)
 Change in lens style (e.g., bifocal to trifocal, bifocal to single vision, or any other base
 lens change, except progressive to non-progressive lens style)
 Errors in transcription (not including transcription errors involving tints,
 photochromics, coatings, or frames)
 Change in materials (e.g., glass to plastic, plastic to polycarbonate, plastic to high index
 plastic or glass, etc.)
 Changes in base curves
 Limitations
 The lab will deny any doctor redo that falls within the following limitations:
 Request for a redo more than six months from the original date of service, unless the patient
 was physically unable to request the redo (see Redos After Six Months)
 Second or subsequent submission of a redo
 Change made by the patient in the frame size, shape, or style
 Addition or change made by the patient in tint or coating is a private transaction and the
 patient can be billed for services
 Materials lost, broken, or damaged by the patient
 Lenses covered by a manufacturer’s non-adapt warranty (e.g., photochromics, aspheric lenses) are not considered a first-time doctor re-do. Resubmit lenses to the original lab for replacement
 consideration.
 Redos on progressive lenses under our first-time doctor redo guidelines are not covered. These lenses must be covered under the lab’s private progressive warranty or the manufacturer’s
 progressive warranty, then applied to the same VSP patient in the form of replacement lenses. The same doctor must be used for both the original and redo prescriptions. Any redo on a
 progressive lens must be handled as a private transaction between the doctor, lab, and patient.
 If the progressive lens is covered by a manufacturer’s warranty or lab guarantee, submit the lens to the original lab on a private invoice for replacement consideration. Lens enhancements or
 materials not covered by the manufacturer or lab are a private transaction between you and your patient.
 1. First-time doctor redos must be for lenses only and submitted within six months of the original order.
 2. Order the redo from the same lab that made the original prescription. Complete the lab’s private invoice, clearly indicating a “VSP Doctor Redo” is requested.
 3. Submit the invoice to the lab with a copy of the original lab order form or Eyefinity Service Report and the patient’s original lenses. If you submit an Eyefinity Service Report, please remove
 procedure and diagnosis information.
 4. The lab will send the new lenses to you and keep the original lenses.
 5. Redo transactions are between you and the lab. No paperwork needs to be sent to us except for Covered Lens Enhancements.
 On acceptable first-time doctor redo prescriptions, we’ll cover lens enhancements ordered on the original prescription. Follow the procedures below in cases where a new lens enhancement is
 added on a redo:
 Covered Lens Enhancements
 You’ll be charged privately by the lab. Send a First-Time Redo Verification form with the
 lab’s material invoice to us for reimbursement. There’s no charge to your patient for
 adding a covered lens enhancement.
 Note: Ordering additional covered lens enhancements as the only reason for a redo
 does not meet VSP’s requirements. Refer to the First-Time Doctor Redo Requirements
 and Limitations section to ensure there’s a valid reason for the first-time redo.
 All Other Lens Enhancements
 Charge your patient either the copay shown on the VSP Signature/VSP Choice Lens Enhancement
 Chart or your U&C fees (or “add-on” fees), whichever is lower. See Patient Lens Enhancements
 Fees Instructions for more information. The lab will bill you directly for additional lens
 enhancements.
 A frame change alone is not an acceptable condition for a first-time doctor redo. At least one of the requirements listed above must be met in order for a job to qualify as a first-time doctor redo.
 If such a valid redo reason exists, the patient may select another frame at that time.
 Redo of lenses is not covered for frame changes due to your error or your patient’s dissatisfaction with the style, shape, size, or fit. Any exchange of materials under these circumstances is a
 private transaction between you and your patient.
 Lens redos may be approved if your patient has an allergic reaction to the material in the original frame. Call the Provider Services Support Line at 800.615.1883 to request redo of lenses in this
 case. If lenses are approved, the frame exchange is a private transaction between you and your patient.
 Doctor redos requested more than six months from the original date of service may be approved for a first-time doctor redo only if your patient was physically unable to visit your office to
 request the redo earlier (e.g., the patient was ill or out of town for an extended period). Call the Provider Services Support Line at 800.615.1883 to request redo of lenses in this case.
 If you need to order a doctor redo from a different contract lab, you must submit the order to VSPOne Columbus with a First-Time Doctor Redo Verification form indicating that the redo lab has
 changed. Clearly explain the reason(s) for the lab change on the verification form. We will only honor doctor redos at VSPOne Columbus under the following circumstances:
 The original lab is out of business.
 The original lab could not redo the job because of a change in the original order (e.g., could not accommodate a brand or material change, etc.).
 The original lab cannot complete the job to your satisfaction.
 Important! 
You must try to resolve the issue with the original lab under the first-time doctor redo program before we’ll cover new lenses at a different lab.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2024
 Page 55
 Product Index
 Products listed in the Product Index, plus corresponding descriptions and codes, are for reference only. Entries don’t imply endorsement, promotion, contracts, or any other relationship
 between VSP and listed companies. Please contact the manufacturer for more details on individual products.
 Products not listed in Branded Product Index:
 Branded Lenses
 Generic/Lab Choice Lens
 Other
 * This lens is included in the base lens amount. There are no additional lens enhancement codes associated with it.
 A
 B
 C
 D
 E
 F
 G
 H
 I
 J
 K
 L
 M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
 A
 C
 E
 F
 H
 I
 K
 M
 Accolade
 Accolade Freedom
 Accord
 Adaptar Digital
 Adaptar Digital Short
 Crizal Prevencia Kids
 Essilor Computer Lens
 Essilor Ideal
 Essilor Ideal Advanced
 Essilor Ideal Advanced Wrap
 Essilor Ideal Short
 Ethos
 Ethos Plus
 Freedom ID
 Hoya Array
 Hoya Array Wrap
 Hoya MySV
 Hoyalux GP Wide
 Hoyalux Summit cd BKS
 Hoyalux Summit ecp BKS
 Hoyalux iD LifeStyle 3 Indoor
 Hoyalux iD LifeStyle 3 Outdoor
 Hoyalux iD LifeStyle 3 Urban
 Hoyalux iD LifeStyle 4 Indoor
 Hoyalux iD LifeStyle 4 Outdoor
 Hoyalux iD LifeStyle 4 Urban
 Image
 Image Trilogy
 Image Wrap
 Kodak Easy
 Kodak PowerUp Lens .40
 Kodak PowerUp Lens .66
 Kodak PowerUp Lens 1.00
 Kodak Precise
 Kodak Precise PB
 Kodak Precise Plus
 Kodak Precise Plus Short
 Maui Jim
 Amplitude BKS
 Amplitude Mini BKS
 Array 2
 Array 2 Wrap
 Everyday B
 Eyezen Start
 Eyezen+ 0
 Eyezen+ 1
 Eyezen+ 2
 Eyezen+ 3
 Eyezen+ 4
 Hoyalux iDMyStyle 2 Adventure
 Hoyalux iDMyStyle 2 Detail
 Hoyalux iDMyStyle 2 Modern
 Hoyalux iDMyStyle 2 Stable
 Hoyalux iDMyStyle 3 Adventure
 Hoyalux iDMyStyle 3 Detail
 Hoyalux iDMyStyle 3 Expert
 Hoyalux iDMyStyle 3 Modern
 Hoyalux iDMyStyle 3 Tyro
 Hoyalux iDWorkStyle 3 Screen
 Hoyalux iDWorkStyle 3 Space
 Hoyalux iDWorkStyle 3 Zoom
 iD Screen
 iD Space
 iD Zoom
 Kodak Precise Short
 Kodak Precise Short PB
 Kodak Unique
 Kodak Unique DRO
 Kodak Unique DRO HD
 Kodak Unique HD
 Kodak Unique Infinite
 Kodak Unique Infinite HD
 Maui Jim Passport 2.0
N
 Natural
 Natural Digital
 Navigator
 Navigator Short
 O
 S
 T
 U
 V
 Z
 Ovation
 Shamir Attitude III Fashion
 Shamir Attitude III Sport
 Shamir Autograph II Office
 Shamir Autograph II+
 Shamir Autograph III
 Shamir Autograph Intelligence
 Shamir Computer
 Shamir Driver Intelligence Moon
 Shamir Driver Intelligence Sun
 Shamir Element
 Shamir FirstPAL
 Shamir Genesis HD
 Shamir InTouch
 Shamir Relax 50
 TACT 40
 TACT 60
 UNITY Relieve 50
 UNITY Relieve 70
 UNITY SVx
 UNITY SVxtra
 UNITY SVxtreme
 UNITY Via Elite II
 UNITY Via Elite VR
 UNITY Via II
 Varilux Comfort
 Varilux Comfort 2
 Varilux Comfort 2 DRx
 Varilux Comfort 2 Short
 Varilux Comfort 2 Short DRx
 Varilux Comfort Max
 Varilux Comfort Max Fit
 Varilux Physio DRx
 ZEISS DriveSafe Individual PAL
 ZEISS DriveSafe Individual SV
 ZEISS DriveSafe PAL
 ZEISS GT2
 ZEISS GT2 Short
 ZEISS Officelens Book
 ZEISS Officelens Desk
 ZEISS Officelens Room
 ZEISS Progressive Light 2 3D L
 ZEISS Progressive Light 2 3D M
 ZEISS Progressive Light 2 3D S
 ZEISS Progressive Light 2 3DV
 ZEISS Progressive Light D
 ZEISS SmartLife Digital Individual 1000
 Nikon Presio Power
 Nikon Presio i Digital
 Nikon SeeMax Ultimate
 Ovation Digital
 Shamir Relax 65
 Shamir Relax 80
 Shamir Spectrum+
 Shamir Workspace
 SmallFit
 Surmount
 Surmount Ws
 Sync III 13
 Sync III 20
 Sync III 5
 Sync III 9
 synchrony Easy View HD
 synchrony Performance HD
 synchrony Performance HDV
 TACT BKS 40
 TACT BKS 60
 UNITY Via Mobile II
 UNITY Via OfficePro 10ft
 UNITY Via OfficePro 5ft
 UNITY Via Plus II
 UNITY Via Wrap II
 Ultimate B
 Universal B
 Varilux Physio Short DRx
 Varilux Physio W3+
 Varilux Physio W3+ Fit
 Varilux Stylistic
 Varilux X Design Technology
 Varilux X Fit Technology
 Varilux XR Design Technology
 Varilux XR Track Technology
 ZEISS SmartLife Digital Individual 1250
 ZEISS SmartLife Digital Individual 500
 ZEISS SmartLife Digital Individual 750
 ZEISS SmartLife Individual
 ZEISS SmartLife Individual L
 ZEISS SmartLife Individual M
 ZEISS SmartLife Individual S
 ZEISS SmartLife Individual Single Vision
 ZEISS SmartLife Plus
 ZEISS SmartLife Pure L
 ZEISS SmartLife Pure M
 ZEISS SmartLife Pure S
 ZEISS SmartLife Superb
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Accolade ⌃
 Digital Plastic Clear ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Amber ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Amethyst ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Brown ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Emerald ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Graphite Green ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Gray ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Ruby ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Sapphire ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions XTRActive Brown ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions XTRActive Graphite Green ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Plastic Transitions XTRActive Gray ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Clear ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Polarized Brown C ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Polarized Gray C ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Amber ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Amethyst ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Brown ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Emerald ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Graphite Green ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Gray ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Ruby ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Sapphire ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions XTRActive Brown ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions XTRActive Graphite Green ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions XTRActive Gray ⌄
 Digital Trivex Clear ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions Brown ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Trivex Transitions Graphite Green ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions Gray ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions XTRActive Brown ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions XTRActive Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Clear ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Clear ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Amber ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Amethyst ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Brown ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Emerald ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Graphite Green ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Ruby ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Sapphire ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions XTRActive Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions XTRActive Graphite Green ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions XTRActive Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Clear Crizal Easy ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
QT Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
QV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
QV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
QV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Clear Crizal Prevencia ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Clear Crizal Rock ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Clear Crizal SunShield ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Gray ⌄
 Accolade Freedom ⌃
 Digital Plastic Clear ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Amber ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Amethyst ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Plastic Transitions Brown ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Emerald ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Graphite Green ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Gray ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Ruby ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Sapphire ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions XTRActive Brown ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions XTRActive Graphite Green ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions XTRActive Gray ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Clear ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Polycarbonate Polarized Brown C ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Polarized Gray C ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Amber ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Amethyst ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Brown ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Emerald ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Graphite Green ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Gray ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Ruby ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Sapphire ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions XTRActive Brown ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions XTRActive Graphite Green ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions XTRActive Gray ⌄
 Digital Trivex Clear ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions Brown ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions Graphite Green ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions Gray ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Trivex Transitions XTRActive Brown ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions XTRActive Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Clear ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Clear ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Amber ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Amethyst ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Emerald ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Graphite Green ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
QT Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Ruby ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Sapphire ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions XTRActive Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions XTRActive Graphite Green ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions XTRActive Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Clear Crizal Easy ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Clear Crizal Prevencia ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
QV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
QV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
QV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Clear Crizal Rock ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Clear Crizal SunShield ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Gray ⌄
 Accord ⌃
 Adaptar Digital ⌃
 Digital Plastic Blue Filter ⌄
 Digital Plastic Clear ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Amber ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Amethyst ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Plastic Transitions Brown ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Emerald ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Graphite Green ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Gray ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Ruby ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Sapphire ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions XTRActive Brown ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions XTRActive Graphite Green ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions XTRActive Gray ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Blue Filter ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Polycarbonate Clear ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Polarized Brown C ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Polarized Gray C ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Amber ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Amethyst ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Brown ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Emerald ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Graphite Green ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Gray ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Ruby ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Sapphire ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions XTRActive Brown ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions XTRActive Graphite Green ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions XTRActive Gray ⌄
 Digital Trivex Blue Filter ⌄
 Digital Trivex Clear ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions Brown ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Trivex Transitions Graphite Green ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions Gray ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions XTRActive Brown ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions XTRActive Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Blue Filter ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Clear ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Polarized Brown C ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Polarized Gray C ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Amber ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Amethyst ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Emerald ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Graphite Green ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Ruby ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Sapphire ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions XTRActive Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions XTRActive Graphite Green ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions XTRActive Gray ⌄
 Adaptar Digital Short ⌃
 Amplitude BKS ⌃
 Digital Plastic Blue Filter ⌄
 Digital Plastic Clear ⌄
 Digital Plastic Polarized Brown C ⌄
 Digital Plastic Polarized Gray C ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Plastic Sensity Blue ⌄
 Digital Plastic Sensity Brown ⌄
 Digital Plastic Sensity Dark Brown ⌄
 Digital Plastic Sensity Dark Gray ⌄
 Digital Plastic Sensity Fast Brown ⌄
 Digital Plastic Sensity Fast Gray ⌄
 Digital Plastic Sensity Gray ⌄
 Digital Plastic Sensity Green ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Brown ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Gray ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions XTRActive Brown ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Plastic Transitions XTRActive Gray ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions XTRActive Polarized Gray ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Blue Filter ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Clear ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Polarized Brown C ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Polarized Gray C ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Blue ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Brown ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Dark Brown ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Dark Gray ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Fast Brown ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Fast Gray ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Gray ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Green ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Brown ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Gray ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions XTRActive Brown ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Polycarbonate Transitions XTRActive Gray ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions XTRActive Polarized Gray ⌄
 Digital Trivex Blue Filter ⌄
 Digital Trivex Clear ⌄
 Digital Trivex Polarized Brown C ⌄
 Digital Trivex Polarized Gray C ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Blue ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Brown ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Trivex Sensity Dark Brown ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Dark Gray ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Fast Brown ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Fast Gray ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Gray ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Green ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions Brown ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions Gray ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Trivex Transitions XTRActive Brown ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions XTRActive Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Clear ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Blue ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Dark Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Dark Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Gray ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Green ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Blue Filter ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Clear ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Polarized Brown C ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Polarized Gray C ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Blue ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Dark Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Dark Gray ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Fast Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Fast Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Green ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions XTRActive Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions XTRActive Gray ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions XTRActive Polarized Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Clear ⌄
 Amplitude Mini BKS ⌃
 Array 2 ⌃
 Digital Plastic Blue Filter 11 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Blue Filter 13 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Blue Filter 15 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Blue Filter 17 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Variable Blue Filter ⌄
 Digital Plastic Clear 11 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Clear 13 ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Plastic Clear 15 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Clear 17 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Variable Clear ⌄
 Digital Plastic Polarized Brown C 11 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Polarized Brown C 13 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Polarized Brown C 15 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Polarized Brown C 17 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Variable Polarized Brown C ⌄
 Digital Plastic Polarized Gray C 11 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Polarized Gray C 13 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Polarized Gray C 15 ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Plastic Polarized Gray C 17 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Variable Polarized Gray C ⌄
 Digital Plastic Sensity Blue 11 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Sensity Blue 13 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Sensity Blue 15 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Sensity Blue 17 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Variable Sensity Blue ⌄
 Digital Plastic Sensity Brown 11 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Sensity Brown 13 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Sensity Brown 15 ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Plastic Sensity Brown 17 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Variable Sensity Brown ⌄
 Digital Plastic Sensity Dark Brown 11 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Sensity Dark Brown 13 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Sensity Dark Brown 15 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Sensity Dark Brown 17 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Variable Sensity Dark Brown ⌄
 Digital Plastic Sensity Dark Gray 11 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Sensity Dark Gray 13 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Sensity Dark Gray 15 ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Plastic Sensity Dark Gray 17 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Variable Sensity Dark Gray ⌄
 Digital Plastic Sensity Fast Brown 11 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Sensity Fast Brown 13 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Sensity Fast Brown 15 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Sensity Fast Brown 17 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Variable Sensity Fast Brown ⌄
 Digital Plastic Sensity Fast Gray 11 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Sensity Fast Gray 13 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Sensity Fast Gray 15 ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Plastic Sensity Fast Gray 17 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Variable Sensity Fast Gray ⌄
 Digital Plastic Sensity Gray 11 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Sensity Gray 13 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Sensity Gray 15 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Sensity Gray 17 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Variable Sensity Gray ⌄
 Digital Plastic Sensity Green 11 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Sensity Green 13 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Sensity Green 15 ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Plastic Sensity Green 17 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Variable Sensity Green ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Brown 11 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Brown 13 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Brown 15 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Brown 17 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Variable Transitions Brown ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Gray 11 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Gray 13 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Gray 15 ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Plastic Transitions Gray 17 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Variable Transitions Gray ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions XTRActive Brown 11 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions XTRActive Brown 13 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions XTRActive Brown 15 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions XTRActive Brown 17 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Variable Transitions XTRActive Brown ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions XTRActive Gray 11 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions XTRActive Gray 13 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions XTRActive Gray 15 ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Plastic Transitions XTRActive Gray 17 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Variable Transitions XTRActive Gray ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions XTRActive Polarized Gray 11 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions XTRActive Polarized Gray 13 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions XTRActive Polarized Gray 15 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions XTRActive Polarized Gray 17 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Variable Transitions XTRActive Polarized Gray ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Blue Filter 11 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Blue Filter 13 ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Polycarbonate Blue Filter 15 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Blue Filter 17 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Variable Blue Filter ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Clear 11 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Clear 13 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Clear 15 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Clear 17 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Variable Clear ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Polarized Brown C 11 ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Polycarbonate Polarized Brown C 13 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Polarized Brown C 15 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Polarized Brown C 17 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Variable Polarized Brown C ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Polarized Gray C 11 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Polarized Gray C 13 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Polarized Gray C 15 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Polarized Gray C 17 ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Polycarbonate Variable Polarized Gray C ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Blue 11 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Blue 13 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Blue 15 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Blue 17 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Variable Sensity Blue ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Brown 11 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Brown 13 ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Brown 15 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Brown 17 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Variable Sensity Brown ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Dark Brown 11 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Dark Brown 13 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Dark Brown 15 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Dark Brown 17 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Variable Sensity Dark Brown ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Dark Gray 11 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Dark Gray 13 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Dark Gray 15 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Dark Gray 17 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Variable Sensity Dark Gray ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Fast Brown 11 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Fast Brown 13 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Fast Brown 15 ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Fast Brown 17 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Variable Sensity Fast Brown ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Fast Gray 11 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Fast Gray 13 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Fast Gray 15 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Fast Gray 17 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Variable Sensity Fast Gray ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Gray 11 ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Gray 13 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Gray 15 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Gray 17 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Variable Sensity Gray ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Green 11 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Green 13 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Green 15 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Green 17 ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Polycarbonate Variable Sensity Green ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Brown 11 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Brown 13 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Brown 15 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Brown 17 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Variable Transitions Brown ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Gray 11 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Gray 13 ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Gray 15 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Gray 17 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Variable Transitions Gray ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions XTRActive Brown 11 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions XTRActive Brown 13 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions XTRActive Brown 15 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions XTRActive Brown 17 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Variable Transitions XTRActive Brown ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Polycarbonate Transitions XTRActive Gray 11 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions XTRActive Gray 13 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions XTRActive Gray 15 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions XTRActive Gray 17 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Variable Transitions XTRActive Gray ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions XTRActive Polarized Gray 11 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions XTRActive Polarized Gray 13 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions XTRActive Polarized Gray 15 ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Polycarbonate Transitions XTRActive Polarized Gray 17 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Variable Transitions XTRActive Polarized Gray ⌄
 Digital Trivex Blue Filter 11 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Blue Filter 13 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Blue Filter 15 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Blue Filter 17 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Variable Blue Filter ⌄
 Digital Trivex Clear 11 ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Trivex Clear 13 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Clear 15 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Clear 17 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Variable Clear ⌄
 Digital Trivex Polarized Brown C 11 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Polarized Brown C 13 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Polarized Brown C 15 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Polarized Brown C 17 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Variable Polarized Brown C ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Trivex Polarized Gray C 11 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Polarized Gray C 13 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Polarized Gray C 15 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Polarized Gray C 17 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Variable Polarized Gray C ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Blue 11 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Blue 13 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Blue 15 ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Trivex Sensity Blue 17 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Variable Sensity Blue ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Brown 11 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Brown 13 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Brown 15 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Brown 17 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Variable Sensity Brown ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Dark Brown 11 ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Trivex Sensity Dark Brown 13 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Dark Brown 15 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Dark Brown 17 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Variable Sensity Dark Brown ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Dark Gray 11 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Dark Gray 13 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Dark Gray 15 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Dark Gray 17 ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Trivex Variable Sensity Dark Gray ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Fast Brown 11 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Fast Brown 13 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Fast Brown 15 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Fast Brown 17 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Variable Sensity Fast Brown ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Fast Gray 11 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Fast Gray 13 ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Trivex Sensity Fast Gray 15 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Fast Gray 17 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Variable Sensity Fast Gray ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Gray 11 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Gray 13 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Gray 15 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Gray 17 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Variable Sensity Gray ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Trivex Sensity Green 11 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Green 13 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Green 15 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Green 17 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Variable Sensity Green ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions Brown 11 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions Brown 13 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions Brown 15 ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Trivex Transitions Brown 17 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Variable Transitions Brown ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions Gray 11 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions Gray 13 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions Gray 15 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions Gray 17 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Variable Transitions Gray ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions XTRActive Brown 11 ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Trivex Transitions XTRActive Brown 13 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions XTRActive Brown 15 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions XTRActive Brown 17 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Variable Transitions XTRActive Brown ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions XTRActive Gray 11 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions XTRActive Gray 13 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions XTRActive Gray 15 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions XTRActive Gray 17 ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Trivex Variable Transitions XTRActive Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Clear 11 ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Clear 13 ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Clear 15 ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Clear 17 ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Variable Clear ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Blue 11 ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Blue 13 ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Blue 15 ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Blue 17 ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Variable Sensity Blue ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Brown 11 ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Brown 13 ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Brown 15 ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Brown 17 ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Variable Sensity Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Dark Brown 11 ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Dark Brown 13 ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Dark Brown 15 ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Dark Brown 17 ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Variable Sensity Dark Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Dark Gray 11 ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Dark Gray 13 ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Dark Gray 15 ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Dark Gray 17 ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Variable Sensity Dark Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Gray 11 ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Gray 13 ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Gray 15 ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Gray 17 ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Variable Sensity Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Green 11 ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Green 13 ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Green 15 ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Green 17 ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Variable Sensity Green ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Blue Filter 11 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Blue Filter 13 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Blue Filter 15 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Blue Filter 17 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Variable Blue Filter ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Clear 11 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Clear 13 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Clear 15 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Clear 17 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Variable Clear ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Polarized Brown C 11 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Polarized Brown C 13 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Polarized Brown C 15 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Polarized Brown C 17 ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Variable Polarized Brown C ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Polarized Gray C 11 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Polarized Gray C 13 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Polarized Gray C 15 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Polarized Gray C 17 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Variable Polarized Gray C ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Blue 11 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Blue 13 ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Blue 15 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Blue 17 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Variable Sensity Blue ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Brown 11 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Brown 13 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Brown 15 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Brown 17 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Variable Sensity Brown ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Dark Brown 11 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Dark Brown 13 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Dark Brown 15 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Dark Brown 17 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Variable Sensity Dark Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Dark Gray 11 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Dark Gray 13 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Dark Gray 15 ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Dark Gray 17 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Variable Sensity Dark Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Fast Brown 11 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Fast Brown 13 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Fast Brown 15 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Fast Brown 17 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Variable Sensity Fast Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Fast Gray 11 ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Fast Gray 13 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Fast Gray 15 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Fast Gray 17 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Variable Sensity Fast Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Gray 11 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Gray 13 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Gray 15 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Gray 17 ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Variable Sensity Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Green 11 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Green 13 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Green 15 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Green 17 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Variable Sensity Green ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Brown 11 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Brown 13 ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Brown 15 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Brown 17 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Variable Transitions Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Gray 11 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Gray 13 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Gray 15 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Gray 17 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Variable Transitions Gray ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions XTRActive Brown 11 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions XTRActive Brown 13 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions XTRActive Brown 15 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions XTRActive Brown 17 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Variable Transitions XTRActive Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions XTRActive Gray 11 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions XTRActive Gray 13 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions XTRActive Gray 15 ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions XTRActive Gray 17 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Variable Transitions XTRActive Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions XTRActive Polarized Gray 11 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions XTRActive Polarized Gray 13 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions XTRActive Polarized Gray 15 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions XTRActive Polarized Gray 17 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Variable Transitions XTRActive Polarized Gray ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 OA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
OJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Clear 11 ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Clear 13 ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Clear 15 ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Clear 17 ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Variable Clear ⌄
 Array 2 Wrap ⌃
 Crizal Prevencia Kids ⌃
 Essilor Computer Lens ⌃
 Essilor Ideal ⌃
 Digital Plastic Blue Filter ⌄
 Digital Plastic Clear ⌄
 Digital Plastic Polarized Brown C ⌄
 Digital Plastic Polarized Gray C ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Plastic Transitions Amber ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Amethyst ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Brown ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Emerald ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Graphite Green ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Gray ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Ruby ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Sapphire ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions XTRActive Brown ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions XTRActive Graphite Green ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions XTRActive Gray ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Plastic Transitions XTRActive Polarized Gray ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Blue Filter ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Clear ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Polarized Brown C ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Polarized Gray C ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Amber ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Amethyst ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Brown ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Emerald ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Graphite Green ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Gray ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Ruby ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Sapphire ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions XTRActive Brown ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions XTRActive Graphite Green ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions XTRActive Gray ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions XTRActive Polarized Gray ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Trivex Blue Filter ⌄
 Digital Trivex Clear ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions Brown ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions Graphite Green ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions Gray ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions XTRActive Brown ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions XTRActive Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Blue Filter ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Clear ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Blue Filter ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Clear ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Polarized Brown C ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Polarized Gray C ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Amber ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Amethyst ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Emerald ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Graphite Green ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Ruby ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Sapphire ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions XTRActive Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions XTRActive Graphite Green ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
QT Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
QV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
QV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
QV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions XTRActive Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions XTRActive Polarized Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Clear Crizal Easy Pro ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Clear Crizal Prevencia ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Clear Crizal Rock ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Clear Crizal Sapphire HR ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Brown Crizal Easy Pro ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
QT Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
QV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
QV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
QV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
QT Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
QV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Brown Crizal Prevencia ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Brown Crizal Rock ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Brown Crizal Sapphire HR ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Gray Crizal Easy Pro ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Gray Crizal Prevencia ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Gray Crizal Rock ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
QV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
QV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Gray Crizal Sapphire HR ⌄
 Essilor Ideal Advanced ⌃
 Digital Plastic Blue Filter ⌄
 Digital Plastic Clear ⌄
 Digital Plastic Polarized Brown C ⌄
 Digital Plastic Polarized Gray C ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Amber ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Amethyst ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Brown ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Emerald ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Plastic Transitions Graphite Green ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Gray ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Ruby ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Sapphire ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions XTRActive Brown ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions XTRActive Graphite Green ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions XTRActive Gray ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions XTRActive Polarized Gray ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Blue Filter ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Clear ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Polycarbonate Polarized Brown C ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Polarized Gray C ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Amber ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Amethyst ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Brown ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Emerald ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Graphite Green ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Gray ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Ruby ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Sapphire ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions XTRActive Brown ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions XTRActive Graphite Green ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions XTRActive Gray ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions XTRActive Polarized Gray ⌄
 Digital Trivex Blue Filter ⌄
 Digital Trivex Clear ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions Brown ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Trivex Transitions Graphite Green ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions Gray ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions XTRActive Brown ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions XTRActive Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Blue Filter ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Clear ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Gray ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Blue Filter ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Clear ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Polarized Brown C ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Polarized Gray C ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Amber ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Amethyst ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Emerald ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Graphite Green ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Ruby ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Sapphire ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions XTRActive Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions XTRActive Graphite Green ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions XTRActive Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions XTRActive Polarized Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Clear Crizal Easy Pro ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
QT Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
QV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
QV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
QV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
QT Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
QV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
QV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Clear Crizal Prevencia ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Clear Crizal Rock ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Clear Crizal Sapphire HR ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Brown Crizal Easy Pro ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Brown Crizal Prevencia ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Brown Crizal Rock ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Brown Crizal Sapphire HR ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
QV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
QT Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
QV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
QV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
QV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Gray Crizal Easy Pro ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Gray Crizal Prevencia ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Gray Crizal Rock ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Gray Crizal Sapphire HR ⌄
 Essilor Ideal Advanced Wrap ⌃
 Essilor Ideal Short ⌃
 Ethos ⌃
 Digital Plastic Blue Filter ⌄
 Digital Plastic Clear ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Plastic Polarized Brown C ⌄
 Digital Plastic Polarized Gray C ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Amber ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Amethyst ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Brown ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Emerald ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Graphite Green ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Gray ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Ruby ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Sapphire ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Plastic Transitions XTRActive Polarized Gray ⌄
 Digital Plastic sunsync Brown ⌄
 Digital Plastic sunsync Drive XT Brown ⌄
 Digital Plastic sunsync Drive XT Gray ⌄
 Digital Plastic sunsync Elite Brown ⌄
 Digital Plastic sunsync Elite Gray ⌄
 Digital Plastic sunsync Gray ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Blue Filter ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Clear ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Polarized Brown C ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Polycarbonate Polarized Gray C ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Amber ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Amethyst ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Brown ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Emerald ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Graphite Green ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Gray ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Ruby ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Sapphire ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions XTRActive Gray ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions XTRActive Polarized Gray ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate sunsync Brown ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate sunsync Drive XT Brown ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate sunsync Drive XT Gray ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate sunsync Elite Brown ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate sunsync Elite Gray ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Polycarbonate sunsync Gray ⌄
 Digital Trivex Blue Filter ⌄
 Digital Trivex Clear ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions Amber ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions Amethyst ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions Emerald ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions Graphite Green ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions Gray ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Trivex Transitions Ruby ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions Sapphire ⌄
 Digital Trivex sunsync Brown ⌄
 Digital Trivex sunsync Drive XT Brown ⌄
 Digital Trivex sunsync Drive XT Gray ⌄
 Digital Trivex sunsync Elite Brown ⌄
 Digital Trivex sunsync Elite Gray ⌄
 Digital Trivex sunsync Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Blue Filter ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Clear ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Polarized Brown C ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Polarized Gray C ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Amber ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Amethyst ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Emerald ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Graphite Green ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Ruby ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Sapphire ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions XTRActive Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions XTRActive Polarized Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index sunsync Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index sunsync Drive XT Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index sunsync Drive XT Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index sunsync Elite Brown ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index sunsync Elite Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index sunsync Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Clear ⌄
 Ethos Plus ⌃
 Digital Plastic Blue Filter 14 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Blue Filter 18 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Clear 14 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Clear 18 ⌄
 Digital Plastic PhotoFusion Brown 14 ⌄
 Digital Plastic PhotoFusion Brown 18 ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Plastic PhotoFusion Gray 14 ⌄
 Digital Plastic PhotoFusion Gray 18 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Polarized Brown C 14 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Polarized Brown C 18 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Polarized Gray C 14 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Polarized Gray C 18 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Amber 14 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Amber 18 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Amethyst 14 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Amethyst 18 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Brown 14 ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Plastic Transitions Brown 18 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Emerald 14 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Emerald 18 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Graphite Green 14 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Graphite Green 18 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Gray 14 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Gray 18 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Ruby 14 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Ruby 18 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Sapphire 14 ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Plastic Transitions Sapphire 18 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions XTRActive Polarized Gray 14 ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions XTRActive Polarized Gray 18 ⌄
 Digital Plastic sunsync Brown 14 ⌄
 Digital Plastic sunsync Brown 18 ⌄
 Digital Plastic sunsync Drive XT Brown 14 ⌄
 Digital Plastic sunsync Drive XT Brown 18 ⌄
 Digital Plastic sunsync Drive XT Gray 14 ⌄
 Digital Plastic sunsync Drive XT Gray 18 ⌄
 Digital Plastic sunsync Elite Brown 14 ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Plastic sunsync Elite Brown 18 ⌄
 Digital Plastic sunsync Elite Gray 14 ⌄
 Digital Plastic sunsync Elite Gray 18 ⌄
 Digital Plastic sunsync Gray 14 ⌄
 Digital Plastic sunsync Gray 18 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Blue Filter 14 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Blue Filter 18 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Clear 14 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Clear 18 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate PhotoFusion Brown 14 ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Polycarbonate PhotoFusion Brown 18 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate PhotoFusion Gray 14 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate PhotoFusion Gray 18 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Polarized Brown C 14 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Polarized Brown C 18 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Polarized Gray C 14 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Polarized Gray C 18 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Amber 14 ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Amber 18 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Amethyst 14 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Amethyst 18 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Brown 14 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Brown 18 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Emerald 14 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Emerald 18 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Graphite Green 14 ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Graphite Green 18 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Gray 14 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Gray 18 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Ruby 14 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Ruby 18 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Sapphire 14 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Sapphire 18 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions XTRActive Gray 14 ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Polycarbonate Transitions XTRActive Gray 18 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions XTRActive Polarized Gray 14 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions XTRActive Polarized Gray 18 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate sunsync Brown 14 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate sunsync Brown 18 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate sunsync Drive XT Brown 14 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate sunsync Drive XT Brown 18 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate sunsync Drive XT Gray 14 ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Polycarbonate sunsync Drive XT Gray 18 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate sunsync Elite Brown 14 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate sunsync Elite Brown 18 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate sunsync Elite Gray 14 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate sunsync Elite Gray 18 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate sunsync Gray 14 ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate sunsync Gray 18 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Blue Filter 14 ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Trivex Blue Filter 18 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Clear 14 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Clear 18 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Polarized Brown C 14 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Polarized Brown C 18 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Polarized Gray C 14 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Polarized Gray C 18 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions Amber 14 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions Amber 18 ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Trivex Transitions Amethyst 14 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions Amethyst 18 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions Brown 14 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions Brown 18 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions Emerald 14 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions Emerald 18 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions Graphite Green 14 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions Graphite Green 18 ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Trivex Transitions Gray 14 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions Gray 18 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions Ruby 14 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions Ruby 18 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions Sapphire 14 ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions Sapphire 18 ⌄
 Digital Trivex sunsync Brown 14 ⌄
 Digital Trivex sunsync Brown 18 ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Trivex sunsync Drive XT Brown 14 ⌄
 Digital Trivex sunsync Drive XT Brown 18 ⌄
 Digital Trivex sunsync Drive XT Gray 14 ⌄
 Digital Trivex sunsync Drive XT Gray 18 ⌄
 Digital Trivex sunsync Elite Brown 14 ⌄
 Digital Trivex sunsync Elite Brown 18 ⌄
 Digital Trivex sunsync Elite Gray 14 ⌄
 Digital Trivex sunsync Elite Gray 18 ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Trivex sunsync Gray 14 ⌄
 Digital Trivex sunsync Gray 18 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Blue Filter 14 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Blue Filter 18 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Clear 14 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Clear 18 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index PhotoFusion Brown 14 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index PhotoFusion Brown 18 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index PhotoFusion Gray 14 ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index PhotoFusion Gray 18 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Polarized Brown C 18 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Polarized Gray C 18 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Amber 14 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Amber 18 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Amethyst 14 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Amethyst 18 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Brown 14 ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Brown 18 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Emerald 14 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Emerald 18 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Graphite Green 14 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Graphite Green 18 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Gray 14 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Gray 18 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Ruby 14 ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Ruby 18 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Sapphire 14 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Sapphire 18 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions XTRActive Gray 14 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions XTRActive Gray 18 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions XTRActive Polarized Gray 14 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions XTRActive Polarized Gray 18 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index sunsync Brown 14 ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index sunsync Brown 18 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index sunsync Drive XT Brown 14 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index sunsync Drive XT Brown 18 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index sunsync Drive XT Gray 14 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index sunsync Drive XT Gray 18 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index sunsync Elite Brown 14 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index sunsync Elite Brown 18 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index sunsync Elite Gray 14 ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 JA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
JJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index sunsync Elite Gray 18 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index sunsync Gray 14 ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index sunsync Gray 18 ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Clear 18 ⌄
 Everyday B ⌃
 Digital Plastic Clear ⌄
 Digital Plastic Neochromes Brown ⌄
 Digital Plastic Neochromes Dark Brown ⌄
 Digital Plastic Neochromes Dark Gray ⌄
 Digital Plastic Neochromes Gray ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Plastic PhotoFusion Brown ⌄
 Digital Plastic PhotoFusion Gray ⌄
 Digital Plastic Polarized Brown C ⌄
 Digital Plastic Polarized Gray C ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Brown ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Drivewear Brown ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Gray ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions XTRActive Gray ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions XTRActive Polarized Gray ⌄
 Digital Plastic sunsync Brown ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Plastic sunsync Gray ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Clear ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Neochromes Brown ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Neochromes Dark Brown ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Neochromes Dark Gray ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Neochromes Gray ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate PhotoFusion Brown ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate PhotoFusion Gray ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Polarized Brown C ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Polycarbonate Polarized Gray C ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Brown ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Drivewear Brown ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Gray ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions XTRActive Gray ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions XTRActive Polarized Gray ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate sunsync Brown ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate sunsync Gray ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Trivex Clear ⌄
 Digital Trivex Polarized Brown C ⌄
 Digital Trivex Polarized Gray C ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions Brown ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions Gray ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions XTRActive Gray ⌄
 Digital Trivex sunsync Brown ⌄
 Digital Trivex sunsync Gray ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Clear ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Neochromes Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Neochromes Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Polarized Brown C ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Polarized Gray C ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Clear ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Neochromes Brown ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Neochromes Dark Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Neochromes Dark Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Neochromes Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index PhotoFusion Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index PhotoFusion Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Polarized Brown C ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Polarized Gray C ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Gray ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions XTRActive Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions XTRActive Polarized Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Clear ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Gray ⌄
 Eyezen Start ⌃
 Eyezen+ 0 ⌃
 Eyezen+ 1 ⌃
 Eyezen+ 2 ⌃
 Digital Plastic Blue Filter ⌄
 Digital Plastic Polarized Brown C ⌄
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Plastic Polarized Gray C ⌄
 Digital Plastic Polarized Green ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Amber ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Amethyst ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Brown ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Emerald ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Graphite Green ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Gray ⌄
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Plastic Transitions Ruby ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Sapphire ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions XTRActive Brown ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions XTRActive Graphite Green ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions XTRActive Gray ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions XTRActive Polarized Gray ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Blue Filter ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Polarized Brown C ⌄
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Polycarbonate Polarized Gray C ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Polarized Green ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Amber ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Amethyst ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Brown ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Emerald ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Graphite Green ⌄
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Gray ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Ruby ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Sapphire ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions XTRActive Brown ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions XTRActive Graphite Green ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions XTRActive Gray ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions XTRActive Polarized Gray ⌄
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Trivex Blue Filter ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions Brown ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions Graphite Green ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions Gray ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions XTRActive Brown ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions XTRActive Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Blue Filter ⌄
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Blue Filter ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Polarized Brown C ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Polarized Gray C ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Polarized Green ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Amber ⌄
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Amethyst ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Emerald ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Graphite Green ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Ruby ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Sapphire ⌄
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
QT Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions XTRActive Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions XTRActive Graphite Green ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions XTRActive Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions XTRActive Polarized Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Blue Filter Crizal Easy Pro ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Blue Filter Crizal Prevencia ⌄
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
QV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
QV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
QV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
QT Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
QV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Blue Filter Crizal Rock ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Blue Filter Crizal Sapphire HR ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Brown Crizal Easy Pro ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Brown Crizal Prevencia ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Brown Crizal Rock ⌄
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
QV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
QV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
QT Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
QV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
QV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Brown Crizal Sapphire HR ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Gray Crizal Easy Pro ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Gray Crizal Prevencia ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Gray Crizal Rock ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Gray Crizal Sapphire HR ⌄
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
QV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Eyezen+ 3 ⌃
 Digital Plastic Blue Filter ⌄
 Digital Plastic Polarized Brown C ⌄
 Digital Plastic Polarized Gray C ⌄
 Digital Plastic Polarized Green ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Amber ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Amethyst ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Brown ⌄
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Plastic Transitions Emerald ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Graphite Green ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Gray ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Ruby ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Sapphire ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions XTRActive Brown ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions XTRActive Graphite Green ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions XTRActive Gray ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions XTRActive Polarized Gray ⌄
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Polycarbonate Blue Filter ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Polarized Brown C ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Polarized Gray C ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Polarized Green ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Amber ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Amethyst ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Brown ⌄
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Emerald ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Graphite Green ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Gray ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Ruby ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Sapphire ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions XTRActive Brown ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions XTRActive Graphite Green ⌄
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Polycarbonate Transitions XTRActive Gray ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions XTRActive Polarized Gray ⌄
 Digital Trivex Blue Filter ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions Brown ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions Graphite Green ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions Gray ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions XTRActive Brown ⌄
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Trivex Transitions XTRActive Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Blue Filter ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Blue Filter ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Polarized Brown C ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Polarized Gray C ⌄
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Polarized Green ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Amber ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Amethyst ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Emerald ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Graphite Green ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Gray ⌄
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Ruby ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Sapphire ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions XTRActive Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions XTRActive Graphite Green ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions XTRActive Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions XTRActive Polarized Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Blue Filter Crizal Easy Pro ⌄
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
QT Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
QV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
QV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
QV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
QT Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Blue Filter Crizal Prevencia ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Blue Filter Crizal Rock ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Blue Filter Crizal Sapphire HR ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Brown Crizal Easy Pro ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Brown Crizal Prevencia ⌄
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
QV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
QV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
QV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
QT Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
QV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Brown Crizal Rock ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Brown Crizal Sapphire HR ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Gray Crizal Easy Pro ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Gray Crizal Prevencia ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Gray Crizal Rock ⌄
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
QV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
QV Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
TA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Gray Crizal Sapphire HR ⌄
 Eyezen+ 4 ⌃
 Freedom ID ⌃
 Hoya Array ⌃
 Digital Plastic Variable Blue Filter ⌄
 Digital Plastic Variable Clear ⌄
 Digital Plastic Variable Polarized Brown C ⌄
 Digital Plastic Variable Polarized Gray C ⌄
 Digital Plastic Variable Sensity Blue ⌄
 Digital Plastic Variable Sensity Brown ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Plastic Variable Sensity Dark Brown ⌄
 Digital Plastic Variable Sensity Dark Gray ⌄
 Digital Plastic Variable Sensity Fast Brown ⌄
 Digital Plastic Variable Sensity Fast Gray ⌄
 Digital Plastic Variable Sensity Gray ⌄
 Digital Plastic Variable Sensity Green ⌄
 Digital Plastic Variable Transitions Brown ⌄
 Digital Plastic Variable Transitions Gray ⌄
 Digital Plastic Variable Transitions XTRActive Brown ⌄
 Digital Plastic Variable Transitions XTRActive Gray ⌄
 Digital Plastic Variable Transitions XTRActive Polarized Gray ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Polycarbonate Variable Blue Filter ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Variable Clear ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Variable Polarized Brown C ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Variable Polarized Gray C ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Variable Sensity Blue ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Variable Sensity Brown ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Variable Sensity Dark Brown ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Variable Sensity Dark Gray ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Polycarbonate Variable Sensity Fast Brown ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Variable Sensity Fast Gray ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Variable Sensity Gray ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Variable Sensity Green ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Variable Transitions Brown ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Variable Transitions Gray ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Variable Transitions XTRActive Brown ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Variable Transitions XTRActive Gray ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Variable Transitions XTRActive Polarized Gray ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Trivex Variable Blue Filter ⌄
 Digital Trivex Variable Clear ⌄
 Digital Trivex Variable Polarized Brown C ⌄
 Digital Trivex Variable Polarized Gray C ⌄
 Digital Trivex Variable Sensity Blue ⌄
 Digital Trivex Variable Sensity Brown ⌄
 Digital Trivex Variable Sensity Dark Brown ⌄
 Digital Trivex Variable Sensity Dark Gray ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Trivex Variable Sensity Fast Brown ⌄
 Digital Trivex Variable Sensity Fast Gray ⌄
 Digital Trivex Variable Sensity Gray ⌄
 Digital Trivex Variable Sensity Green ⌄
 Digital Trivex Variable Transitions Brown ⌄
 Digital Trivex Variable Transitions Gray ⌄
 Digital Trivex Variable Transitions XTRActive Brown ⌄
 Digital Trivex Variable Transitions XTRActive Gray ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Variable Clear ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Variable Sensity Blue ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Variable Sensity Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Variable Sensity Dark Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Variable Sensity Dark Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Variable Sensity Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Variable Sensity Green ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Variable Blue Filter ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Variable Clear ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Variable Polarized Brown C ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Variable Polarized Gray C ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Variable Sensity Blue ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Variable Sensity Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Variable Sensity Dark Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Variable Sensity Dark Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Variable Sensity Fast Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Variable Sensity Fast Gray ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 FA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
FP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Variable Sensity Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Variable Sensity Green ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Variable Transitions Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Variable Transitions Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Variable Transitions XTRActive Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Variable Transitions XTRActive Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Variable Transitions XTRActive Polarized Gray ⌄
 Hoya Array Wrap ⌃
 Hoya MySV ⌃
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Plastic Blue Filter ⌄
 Digital Plastic Clear ⌄
 Digital Plastic Polarized Brown C ⌄
 Digital Plastic Polarized Gray C ⌄
 Digital Plastic Polarized Green ⌄
 Digital Plastic Sensity Blue ⌄
 Digital Plastic Sensity Brown ⌄
 Digital Plastic Sensity Dark Brown ⌄
 Digital Plastic Sensity Dark Gray ⌄
 Digital Plastic Sensity Fast Brown ⌄
 Digital Plastic Sensity Fast Gray ⌄
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Plastic Sensity Gray ⌄
 Digital Plastic Sensity Green ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Brown ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Gray ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions XTRActive Brown ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions XTRActive Gray ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Blue Filter ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Clear ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Polarized Brown C ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Polarized Gray C ⌄
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Polycarbonate Polarized Green ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Blue ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Brown ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Dark Brown ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Dark Gray ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Fast Brown ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Fast Gray ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Gray ⌄
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Green ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Brown ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Gray ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions XTRActive Brown ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions XTRActive Gray ⌄
 Digital Trivex Blue Filter ⌄
 Digital Trivex Clear ⌄
 Digital Trivex Polarized Brown C ⌄
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Trivex Polarized Gray C ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Blue ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Brown ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Dark Brown ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Dark Gray ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Fast Brown ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Fast Gray ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Gray ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Green ⌄
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Trivex Transitions Brown ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions Gray ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions XTRActive Brown ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions XTRActive Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Clear ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Polarized Brown C ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Polarized Gray C ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Polarized Green ⌄
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Blue ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Dark Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Dark Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Green ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Blue Filter ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Clear ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Polarized Brown C ⌄
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
DH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Polarized Gray C ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Polarized Green ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Blue ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Dark Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Dark Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Fast Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Fast Gray ⌄
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Single Vision Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 BA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
BJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Green ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions XTRActive Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions XTRActive Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Clear ⌄
 Hoyalux GP Wide ⌃
 Digital Plastic Blue Filter ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Plastic Clear ⌄
 Digital Plastic Polarized Brown C ⌄
 Digital Plastic Polarized Gray C ⌄
 Digital Plastic Sensity Blue ⌄
 Digital Plastic Sensity Brown ⌄
 Digital Plastic Sensity Dark Brown ⌄
 Digital Plastic Sensity Dark Gray ⌄
 Digital Plastic Sensity Fast Brown ⌄
 Digital Plastic Sensity Fast Gray ⌄
 Digital Plastic Sensity Gray ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Plastic Sensity Green ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Brown ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions Gray ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions XTRActive Brown ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions XTRActive Gray ⌄
 Digital Plastic Transitions XTRActive Polarized Gray ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Blue Filter ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Clear ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Polarized Brown C ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Polycarbonate Polarized Gray C ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Blue ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Brown ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Dark Brown ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Dark Gray ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Fast Brown ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Fast Gray ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Gray ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Green ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KD Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Brown ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions Gray ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions XTRActive Brown ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions XTRActive Gray ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Transitions XTRActive Polarized Gray ⌄
 Digital Trivex Blue Filter ⌄
 Digital Trivex Clear ⌄
 Digital Trivex Polarized Brown C ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Trivex Polarized Gray C ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Blue ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Brown ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Dark Brown ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Dark Gray ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Fast Brown ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Fast Gray ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Gray ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Trivex Sensity Green ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions Brown ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions Gray ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions XTRActive Brown ⌄
 Digital Trivex Transitions XTRActive Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Clear ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Blue ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Brown ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Dark Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Dark Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Green ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Blue Filter ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Clear ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Polarized Brown C ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Polarized Gray C ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Blue ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Dark Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Dark Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Fast Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Fast Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Green ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Brown ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 KA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
KJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions XTRActive Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions XTRActive Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Transitions XTRActive Polarized Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Clear ⌄
 Hoyalux Summit cd BKS ⌃
 Hoyalux Summit ecp BKS ⌃
 Hoyalux iD LifeStyle 3 Indoor ⌃
 Hoyalux iD LifeStyle 3 Outdoor ⌃
 Digital Plastic Clear ⌄
 Digital Plastic Polarized Brown C ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
ND Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
ND Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Plastic Polarized Gray C ⌄
 Digital Plastic Polarized Green ⌄
 Digital Plastic Sensity Blue ⌄
 Digital Plastic Sensity Brown ⌄
 Digital Plastic Sensity Dark Brown ⌄
 Digital Plastic Sensity Dark Gray ⌄
 Digital Plastic Sensity Gray ⌄
 Digital Plastic Sensity Green ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Clear ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Polarized Brown C ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Polarized Gray C ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
ND Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
ND Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
ND Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
ND Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
ND Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
ND Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
ND Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
ND Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Polycarbonate Polarized Green ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Blue ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Brown ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Dark Brown ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Dark Gray ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Gray ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Green ⌄
 Digital Trivex Clear ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Trivex Polarized Brown C ⌄
 Digital Trivex Polarized Gray C ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Blue ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Brown ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Dark Brown ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Dark Gray ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Gray ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Green ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Clear ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Polarized Brown C ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Polarized Gray C ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Polarized Green ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Blue ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Dark Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Dark Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Gray ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Green ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Clear ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Polarized Brown C ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Polarized Gray C ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Polarized Green ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Blue ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Dark Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Dark Gray ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Green ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Clear ⌄
 Hoyalux iD LifeStyle 3 Urban ⌃
 Hoyalux iD LifeStyle 4 Indoor ⌃
 Digital Plastic Blue Filter ⌄
 Digital Plastic Clear ⌄
 Digital Plastic Polarized Brown C ⌄
 Digital Plastic Polarized Gray C ⌄
 Digital Plastic Polarized Green ⌄
 Digital Plastic Sensity Blue ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 LF Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
ND Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
ND Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
ND Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
ND Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Plastic Sensity Brown ⌄
 Digital Plastic Sensity Dark Brown ⌄
 Digital Plastic Sensity Dark Gray ⌄
 Digital Plastic Sensity Gray ⌄
 Digital Plastic Sensity Green ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Blue Filter ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Clear ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Polarized Brown C ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Polarized Gray C ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
ND Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
ND Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
ND Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
ND Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
ND Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
ND Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
ND Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Polycarbonate Polarized Green ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Blue ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Brown ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Dark Brown ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Dark Gray ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Gray ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Green ⌄
 Digital Trivex Clear ⌄
 Digital Trivex Polarized Brown C ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Trivex Polarized Gray C ⌄
 Digital Trivex Polarized Green ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Blue ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Brown ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Dark Brown ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Dark Gray ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Gray ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Green ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Clear ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Polarized Brown C ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Polarized Gray C ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Polarized Green ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Blue ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Dark Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Dark Gray ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NP Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Green ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Clear ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Polarized Brown C ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Polarized Gray C ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Polarized Green ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Blue ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Dark Brown ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
ND Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
ND Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
ND Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Dark Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Green ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Clear ⌄
 Hoyalux iD LifeStyle 4 Outdoor ⌃
 Hoyalux iD LifeStyle 4 Urban ⌃
 Hoyalux iDMyStyle 2 Adventure ⌃
 Digital Polycarbonate Clear ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Blue ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Brown ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Dark Brown ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
ND Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
ND Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
ND Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
ND Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Dark Gray ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Gray ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Green ⌄
 Digital Trivex Clear ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Blue ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Brown ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Dark Brown ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Dark Gray ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Trivex Sensity Gray ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Green ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Clear ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Blue ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Dark Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Dark Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Green ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Clear ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Blue ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Dark Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Dark Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Green ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Clear ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
ND Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
ND Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
ND Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
ND Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
ND Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
ND Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
ND Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Hoyalux iDMyStyle 2 Detail ⌃
 Digital Polycarbonate Clear ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Blue ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Brown ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Dark Brown ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Dark Gray ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Gray ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Green ⌄
 Digital Trivex Clear ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Blue ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Trivex Sensity Brown ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Dark Brown ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Dark Gray ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Gray ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Green ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Clear ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Blue ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Brown ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Dark Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Dark Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Green ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Clear ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Blue ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Dark Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Dark Gray ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
ND Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
ND Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
ND Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
ND Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Green ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Clear ⌄
 Hoyalux iDMyStyle 2 Modern ⌃
 Hoyalux iDMyStyle 2 Stable ⌃
 Digital Polycarbonate Clear ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Blue ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Brown ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Dark Brown ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Dark Gray ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
ND Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
ND Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
ND Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Gray ⌄
 Digital Polycarbonate Sensity Green ⌄
 Digital Trivex Clear ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Blue ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Brown ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Dark Brown ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Dark Gray ⌄
 Digital Trivex Sensity Gray ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NB Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital Trivex Sensity Green ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Clear ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Blue ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Dark Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Dark Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.60 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Green ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Clear ⌄
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NH Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
PR Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Multifocal Patient Copay
 Code Description Signature Choice Advantage Enhanced Advantage
 NA Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
NJ Please refer to the lens enhancement charts for comprehensive details.-------
Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Blue ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Dark Brown ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Dark Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Gray ⌄
 Digital 1.67 Plastic Hi Index Sensity Green ⌄
 Digital 1.74 Plastic Hi Index Clear ⌄
 Hoyalux iDMyStyle 3 Adventure ⌃
 Hoyalux iDMyStyle 3 Detail ⌃
 Hoyalux iDMyStyle 3 Expert ⌃
 Hoyalux iDMyStyle 3 Modern ⌃
 Hoyalux iDMyStyle 3 Tyro ⌃
 Hoyalux iDWorkStyle 3 Screen ⌃
Hoyalux iDWorkStyle 3 Space ⌃
 Hoyalux iDWorkStyle 3 Zoom ⌃
 Image ⌃
 Image Trilogy ⌃
 Image Wrap ⌃
 iD Screen ⌃
 iD Space ⌃
 iD Zoom ⌃
 Kodak Easy ⌃
 Kodak PowerUp Lens .40 ⌃
 Kodak PowerUp Lens .66 ⌃
 Kodak PowerUp Lens 1.00 ⌃
 Kodak Precise ⌃
 Kodak Precise PB ⌃
 Kodak Precise Plus ⌃
 Kodak Precise Plus Short ⌃
 Kodak Precise Short ⌃
 Kodak Precise Short PB ⌃
 Kodak Unique ⌃
 Kodak Unique DRO ⌃
 Kodak Unique DRO HD ⌃
 Kodak Unique HD ⌃
 Kodak Unique Infinite ⌃
 Kodak Unique Infinite HD ⌃
 Maui Jim ⌃
 Maui Jim Passport 2.0 ⌃
 Natural ⌃
Natural Digital ⌃
 Navigator ⌃
 Navigator Short ⌃
 Nikon Presio Power ⌃
 Nikon Presio i Digital ⌃
 Nikon SeeMax Ultimate ⌃
 Ovation ⌃
 Ovation Digital ⌃
 Shamir Attitude III Fashion ⌃
 Shamir Attitude III Sport ⌃
 Shamir Autograph II Office ⌃
 Shamir Autograph II+ ⌃
 Shamir Autograph III ⌃
 Shamir Autograph Intelligence ⌃
 Shamir Computer ⌃
 Shamir Driver Intelligence Moon ⌃
 Shamir Driver Intelligence Sun ⌃
 Shamir Element ⌃
 Shamir FirstPAL ⌃
 Shamir Genesis HD ⌃
 Shamir InTouch ⌃
 Shamir Relax 50 ⌃
 Shamir Relax 65 ⌃
 Shamir Relax 80 ⌃
 Shamir Spectrum+ ⌃
 Shamir Workspace ⌃
 SmallFit ⌃
Surmount ⌃
 Surmount Ws ⌃
 Sync III 13 ⌃
 Sync III 20 ⌃
 Sync III 5 ⌃
 Sync III 9 ⌃
 synchrony Easy View HD ⌃
 synchrony Performance HD ⌃
 synchrony Performance HDV ⌃
 TACT 40 ⌃
 TACT 60 ⌃
 TACT BKS 40 ⌃
 TACT BKS 60 ⌃
 UNITY Relieve 50 ⌃
 UNITY Relieve 70 ⌃
 UNITY SVx ⌃
 UNITY SVxtra ⌃
 UNITY SVxtreme ⌃
 UNITY Via Elite II ⌃
 UNITY Via Elite VR ⌃
 UNITY Via II ⌃
 UNITY Via Mobile II ⌃
 UNITY Via OfficePro 10ft ⌃
 UNITY Via OfficePro 5ft ⌃
 UNITY Via Plus II ⌃
 UNITY Via Wrap II ⌃
 Ultimate B ⌃
Universal B ⌃
 Varilux Comfort ⌃
 Varilux Comfort 2 ⌃
 Varilux Comfort 2 DRx ⌃
 Varilux Comfort 2 Short ⌃
 Varilux Comfort 2 Short DRx ⌃
 Varilux Comfort Max ⌃
 Varilux Comfort Max Fit ⌃
 Varilux Physio DRx ⌃
 Varilux Physio Short DRx ⌃
 Varilux Physio W3+ ⌃
 Varilux Physio W3+ Fit ⌃
 Varilux Stylistic ⌃
 Varilux X Design Technology ⌃
 Varilux X Fit Technology ⌃
 Varilux XR Design Technology ⌃
 Varilux XR Track Technology ⌃
 ZEISS DriveSafe Individual PAL ⌃
 ZEISS DriveSafe Individual SV ⌃
 ZEISS DriveSafe PAL ⌃
 ZEISS GT2 ⌃
 ZEISS GT2 Short ⌃
 ZEISS Officelens Book ⌃
 ZEISS Officelens Desk ⌃
 ZEISS Officelens Room ⌃
 ZEISS Progressive Light 2 3D L ⌃
 ZEISS Progressive Light 2 3D M ⌃
ZEISS Progressive Light 2 3D S
 ⌃
 ZEISS Progressive Light 2 3DV
 ⌃
 ZEISS Progressive Light D
 ⌃
 ZEISS SmartLife Digital Individual 1000
 ⌃
 ZEISS SmartLife Digital Individual 1250
 ⌃
 ZEISS SmartLife Digital Individual 500
 ⌃
 ZEISS SmartLife Digital Individual 750
 ⌃
 ZEISS SmartLife Individual
 ⌃
 ZEISS SmartLife Individual L
 ⌃
 ZEISS SmartLife Individual M
 ⌃
 ZEISS SmartLife Individual S
 ⌃
 ZEISS SmartLife Individual Single Vision
 ⌃
 ZEISS SmartLife Plus
 ⌃
 ZEISS SmartLife Pure L
 ⌃
 ZEISS SmartLife Pure M
 ⌃
 ZEISS SmartLife Pure S
 ⌃
 ZEISS SmartLife Superb
 ⌃
 Products not listed in Branded Product Index:
 Branded Lenses
 Generic/Lab Choice Lens
 Other
 * This lens is included in the base lens amount. There are no additional lens enhancement codes associated with it.
 Lenses by major manufacturers that have been reviewed and added into the formulary with applicable lens enhancement codes.
 Unbranded lenses that have been reviewed and added into the formulary with applicable lens enhancement codes.
 Lab Choice products, coating, tints and other generic lenses not grouped in other categories
 Lab Services – Branded Anti-Reflective Coatings
 Lab Choice Anti-Reflective Coatings
 Lab Choice Lens Products
 Lab Services – Branded Photochromic
 Lab Choice Photochromics
 Photochromics Polarized
 Photochromics w/Mirrors
 Coatings
 Tints/Dyes
 Generic Blue Light Filter
 Unavailable Products
 Proprietary Lens & Frame Products
 Anti-Reflective coatings by major manufacturers that have been reviewed and added into the formulary with applicable lens enhancement codes. Refer to the specific lens brand name for the
 appropriate lens enhancement code(s).
Photochromic lenses by major manufacturers that have been reviewed and added into the formulary with applicable lens enhancement codes. Refer to the specific lens brand name for the
 appropriate lens enhancement code(s).
 This product is not branded for VSP orders and is available as an unbranded or lab choice selection through the claim submission process. When these products are ordered, it is the lab’s choice
 as to which product is provided. Do not request a specific brand or product for these orders.
 Category A-Lab Choice (QM):
 Category C-Lab Choice (QT):
 Category C-Lab Choice w/ Backside UV (QT + BV):
 None at this time
 Category D-Lab Choice (QV):
 Category D-Lab Choice w/ Backside UV (QV + BV):
 This product is not branded for VSP orders and is available as an unbranded or lab choice selection through the claim submission process. When these products are ordered, it is the lab’s choice
 as to which product is provided. Do not request a specific brand or product for these orders.
 Any Single Vision (Lab Choice):
 Any Single Vision Digital (Lab Choice):
 Digital Bifocal:
 Photochromics Glass (PM):
 This product is not branded for VSP orders and is available as an unbranded or lab choice selection through the claim submission process. When these products are ordered, it is the lab’s choice
 as to which product is provided. Do not request a specific brand or product for these orders.
 Photochromics Plastic (PR) + Polarized (Use applicable code):
 Mirrors are not branded for VSP orders and are available as an unbranded or lab choice selection. Do not request a specific brand or product for these orders.
 Photochromics w/Mirrors (PR + QR or QP):
 The following applies only to factory applied scratch-resistant coatings on standard plastic (CR-39) lenses. Do not provide or charge for backside scratch coating on any non-plastic lens.
 Scratch Resistant Coating A (QQ):
 The following applies only to non-factory applied scratch-resistant coatings reviewed and categorized by VSP.
 Scratch Resistant Coating B (QS):
 The following is used for duplications of proprietary coatings, double-mirror gradient, color mirror and dielectric mirror coatings and includes the base tint and color coating (excluding yellow
 glass tint), if any.
 Ski Type Coating (QR):
 Mirrors are not branded for VSP orders and are available as an unbranded or lab choice selection. Do not request a specific brand or product for these orders.
 Mirror Coating (QP):
 These lens/coatings are not available for use with VSP benefits. If dispensed, VSP benefits can’t be applied to the lens OR frame. This is a private transaction between the doctor and the patient.
 Do not submit claims to VSP for payment.
 Refer to the Billing Procedures for Proprietary Lens and Frame Orders
Client Details
 8
Page 56
 BCBSM-MESSA (Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan - MESSA)
 
Providers will be able to locate MESSA members in the VSP system using their full SSN or by searching by name, date of birth, and the last four digits of their SSN. Should MESSA members
 present their Blue Cross/MESSA insurance card, staff should use it as identification only. MESSA members’ Enrollee ID’s are not going to be used as an identifier in the system.
 Follow VSP’s standard COB process. When paying secondary, please use the below COB secondary allowances.
 Maximum COB Secondary Allowances
 VSP-1 VSP-2 VSP-3 VSP-3 Plus VSP-1 B VSP-2 S VSP-3 G VSP-3 Plus P
 Exam $38 $38 $38 $38 $38 $38 $38 $38
 Lenses $50 $50 $50 $70 $50 $50 $50 $70
 Frame $50 $65 $65 $80 $130 $130 $130 $130
 Deductible $35 $24.50 None None $35 $24.50 None None
 Important!
 Effective January 1, 2021 MESSA has added 3 new Choice Plan offerings* “MESSA Vision, MESSA Vision Enhanced, and MESSA Vision Preferred” and has retired their Signature Plan “VSP-1”. All
 other plans will stay the same.
 *Please refer to the Choice PRM for plan benefit information.
 Plan
 Name
 Exam
 Copay
 Materials
 Copay
 Elective Contact Lens Allowance Frame
 Allowance
 Covered Lens Enhancements Other Lens Enhancements
 VSP-1
 Retired
 01/01/21
 $10 $25 $65 total; see Note #1 $65 retail/
 $26 whlsl.
 Rimless drilling and grooving, Pink
 1 or 2 tints.
 Tints other than Pink 1 or 2, photochromics,
 oversize blanks, blended/progressive lenses,
 and all items on the VSP Signature Plan Lens
 Enhancements Chart.
 VSP-2 $6.50 $18 $90 total; see Note #1 $65 retail/
 $26 whlsl.
 For both:
 Rimless drilling and mounting, all
 tints, photochromics, oversize
 blanks, blended lenses (not
 progressive), polarized lenses.
 For all:
 Anti-reflective or mirror coating, thin-lite/hi-lite,
 hi-index lenses, progressives, polycarbonate
 lenses, scratch-resistant coatings, edge coating/
 groove painting, faceting, UV 400 coatings, roll,
 and polish.
 VSP-3 None None $115 total; see Note #1 $65 retail/
 $26 whlsl.
 VSP-3
 Plus
 None None Non-Disposables: Covered in full. Disposables:
 The allowance is $200 Total. Deduct 20% from
 the balance of the U&C fees for routine exam,
 contact lens services and first three months
 materials after applying the patient’s
 allowance. See Note #4.
 $80 retail/
 $35 whlsl.
 Rimless drilling and mounting, all
 tints, photochromics, oversize
 blanks, blended and progressive
 lenses including smart-segs,
 polarized lenses.
 VSP-A
 Retired
 7/1/17
 $10 None $65 N/A; see
 Note #2.
 N/A; see Note #2. N/A; see Note #2.
 VSP-1 B $10 $25 $85 total;
 see Note #3.
 $130
 retail/$50
 whlsl.
 Rimless drilling and mounting, Pink
 1 or 2 tints.
 Tints other than Pink 1 or 2, photochromics,
 oversize blanks, blended/progressive, and
 polarized lenses.
 VSP-2 S $6.50 $18 $110 total;
 see Note #3.
 $130
 retail/$50
 whlsl.
 For both:
 Rimless drilling and mounting, all
 tints, photochromics, oversize
 blanks, blended lenses (not
 progressives), polarized lenses.
 For all:
 Anti-reflective or mirror coating, thin-lite/hi-lite,
 hi-index lenses, progressives, polycarbonate
 lenses, scratch-resistant coatings, edge coating/
 groove painting, faceting, UV 400 coatings, roll,
 and polish.
 VSP-3 G None None $135 total;
 see Note #3.
 $130 retail
 VSP-3
 Plus P
 None None Non-Disposables Covered in full. Disposables
 limited to a Total: contact lens plan with $250
 allowance, including routine exam, contact lens
 services, and materials; see Note #3 and Note
 #4
 $130 retail/
 $50 whlsl.
 Rimless drilling and mounting, all
 tints, photochromics, oversize
 blanks, blended and progressive
 lenses (including smart-segs),
 polarized lenses.
 
 
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
Plan
 Name
 Exam
 Copay
 Materials
 Copay
 Elective Contact Lens Allowance Frame
 Allowance
 Covered Lens Enhancements Other Lens Enhancements
 VSP-1
 Retired
 01/01/21
 $10 $25 $65 total; see Note #1 $65 retail/
 $26 whlsl.
 Rimless drilling and grooving, Pink
 1 or 2 tints.
 Tints other than Pink 1 or 2, photochromics,
 oversize blanks, blended/progressive lenses,
 and all items on the VSP Signature Plan Lens
 Enhancements Chart.
 VSP-2 $6.50 $18 $90 total; see Note #1 $65 retail/
 $26 whlsl.
 For both:
 Rimless drilling and mounting, all
 tints, photochromics, oversize
 blanks, blended lenses (not
 progressive), polarized lenses.
 For all:
 Anti-reflective or mirror coating, thin-lite/hi-lite,
 hi-index lenses, progressives, polycarbonate
 lenses, scratch-resistant coatings, edge coating/
 groove painting, faceting, UV 400 coatings, roll,
 and polish.
 VSP-3 None None $115 total; see Note #1 $65 retail/
 $26 whlsl.
 VSP-3
 Plus
 None None Non-Disposables: Covered in full. Disposables:
 The allowance is $200 Total. Deduct 20% from
 the balance of the U&C fees for routine exam,
 contact lens services and first three months
 materials after applying the patient’s
 allowance. See Note #4.
 $80 retail/
 $35 whlsl.
 Rimless drilling and mounting, all
 tints, photochromics, oversize
 blanks, blended and progressive
 lenses including smart-segs,
 polarized lenses.
 VSP-A
 Retired
 7/1/17
 $10 None $65 N/A; see
 Note #2.
 N/A; see Note #2. N/A; see Note #2.
 VSP-1 B $10 $25 $85 total;
 see Note #3.
 $130
 retail/$50
 whlsl.
 Rimless drilling and mounting, Pink
 1 or 2 tints.
 Tints other than Pink 1 or 2, photochromics,
 oversize blanks, blended/progressive, and
 polarized lenses.
 VSP-2 S $6.50 $18 $110 total;
 see Note #3.
 $130
 retail/$50
 whlsl.
 For both:
 Rimless drilling and mounting, all
 tints, photochromics, oversize
 blanks, blended lenses (not
 progressives), polarized lenses.
 For all:
 Anti-reflective or mirror coating, thin-lite/hi-lite,
 hi-index lenses, progressives, polycarbonate
 lenses, scratch-resistant coatings, edge coating/
 groove painting, faceting, UV 400 coatings, roll,
 and polish.
 VSP-3 G None None $135 total;
 see Note #3.
 $130 retail
 VSP-3
 Plus P
 None None Non-Disposables Covered in full. Disposables
 limited to a Total: contact lens plan with $250
 allowance, including routine exam, contact lens
 services, and materials; see Note #3 & Note #4.
 $130 retail/
 $50 whlsl.
 Rimless drilling and mounting, all
 tints, photochromics, oversize
 blanks, blended and progressive
 lenses (including smart-segs),
 polarized lenses.
 Important! 
Exam and material copays don’t apply to contact lenses. Don’t collect these from your patient or deduct them from your patient’s contact lens allowance
 Client Detail Notes
 Note #1: Add your U&C fees for professional services & materials, then apply your patient’s allowance. Deduct 20% from any remaining balance. For disposable contacts, only deduct 20% from
 the first three months’ supply. This replaces the standard contact lens benefit of 85% of U&C for exam, fitting, and evaluation.
 Note #2: Patients are responsible for lenses and frames, so please give them itemized receipts. They’ll submit charges to us for reimbursement. For contact lenses, charge your U&C fee, minus
 the allowance.
 Note #3: Standard contact lens benefit of 85% of U&C for exam, fitting, and evaluation.
 Note #4: As defined by MESSA: Disposables are daily and 1-2 week disposables. Non-disposables are conventional and planned replacement (including monthly and quarterly). When billing for
 1-24 units of Planned Replacement lenses, enter “Planned Replacement” in Box 19.
 Please use HCPCs-specific codes when filing VSP claims through eClaim. The Contact Lens Type drop-down list has HCPCS-specific codes and descriptions consistent with industry standards.
Contact lens insurance Plano sunglasses
 Contact lens care kit Supplies
 Follow-up visits (except those included in the initial fee)
 HCPCS Description Covered*
 V2500—Hard/PMMA, spherical 2 or less
 V2501—Hard/PMMA, toric or prism ballast 2 or less
 V2502—Hard/PMMA, bifocal 2 or less
 V2503—Hard/PMMA, color vision deficiency 2 or less
 V2510—Gas permeable, spherical 2 or less
 V2511—Gas permeable, toric, prism ballast 2 or less
 V2512—Gas permeable, bifocal 2 or less
 V2513—Gas permeable, extended wear 2 or less
 V2520—Soft/hydrophilic, spherical 24 or less, see Note #4
 V2521—Soft/hydrophilic, toric or prism ballast 24 or less, see Note #4
 V2522—Soft/hydrophilic, bifocal 24 or less, see Note #4
 V2523—Soft/hydrophilic, extended wear 24 or less, see Note #4
 V2530—Scleral, gas impermeable per lens 2 or less
 V2531—Scleral, gas permeable 2 or less
 V2599—Other 2 or less
 
*Number of units covered, up to the maximum. Don’t balance-bill patients. An allowance applies if units are over this amount.
 Patients can use the Elective Contact Lens allowance only to pay for new or replacement contact lenses. The allowance doesn’t cover lost or damaged lenses, except at covered intervals.
 If your patient chooses a lens enhancement that is covered with copay, charge your U&C fee for the Starter Plan or the patient copay for all other plans.
 If you offer a special promotion or discount, charge whichever is lower: Your “special” fee or 80% of U&C. If you’re charging the patient your “special” fee, explain that in “Special Instructions.”
 Note: 
Using the Elective Contact Lens allowance makes the patient ineligible for any other service or materials for that eligibility period.
 The following items aren’t covered and are a private transaction between you and your patient:
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 57
 Coventry Health Care of Virginia, Coventry Health Care of West Virginia, Coventry Health and Life Insurance
 Company
 Authorizations for all Coventry Health Care and Coventry Health and Life Insurance Company patients are valid for 15 days only.
 Coventry Health Care and Coventry Health and Life Insurance Company employees do not use Social Security Numbers (SSN) for patient identification. Member ID cards show the unique 11-digit
 identification numbers that are issued by Coventry Health Care and Coventry Health and Life Insurance Company.
 Sample ID cards:
 Coventry Health Care and Coventry Health and Life Insurance Company patients cannot receive the automated VSP Savings Statement.
 For NBS Comment Codes: D619, D620, D621, D622, and D624
 The patient is eligible to receive a covered in full contact lens exam (fitting and evaluation) after applicable copay. Please bill your U&C fees.
 For NBS Comment Code: D623
 Important! 
The contact lens material code must be billed with the fitting and evaluation code to ensure payment. If materials are not dispensed at the time of the fitting and evaluation, bill the contact lens
 material HCPCS that the patient is being fitted for with a $0 amount.
 Based on the type of contact lenses prescribed:
 Specialty Contact Lenses
 15% discount off your usual & customary fee up to an allowance of $40, minus applicable copay.
 Patient is responsible for remaining balance. Please bill your U&C fees.
 V2501—Hard/PMMA, toric or prism ballast
 V2502—Hard/PMMA, bifocal
 V2503—Hard/PMMA, color vision deficiency
 V2511—Gas permeable, toric, prism ballast
 V2512—Gas permeable, bifocal
 V2521—Soft/hydrophilic, toric or prism ballast
 V2522—Soft/hydrophilic, bifocal
 V2530—Scleral, gas impermeable per lens
 V2531—Scleral, gas permeable
 Non-Specialty Contact Lenses
 Covered-in-full contact lens exam (fitting and evaluation 15% discount off your usual
 and customary fee) after a $35 copay. Please bill your U&C fees.
 V2500—Hard/PMMA, spherical
 V2510—Gas permeable, spherical
 V2513—Gas permeable, extended wear
 V2520—Soft/hydrophilic, spherical
 V2523—Soft/hydrophilic, extended wear
 V2599—Other
Page 58
 Elective Contact Lens Copayment Exception Clients
 This information applies only to clients with Elective Contact Lens (ECL) copay exceptions if the following comment is indicated on the authorization within the contact lens section. These clients
 require subtracting the copay from the total charged, rather than the allowance.
 For complete ECL information, refer to “Contact Lens Plans” in the Plans & Coverages section.
 Copay applies to ECL. Subtract copay from total of discounted contact lens exam services and U&C material charge. Apply your patient’s allowance to the remaining balance. See “VSP” Manuals.
 Examples
 Remaining balance is less than Contact Lens Allowance
 1. Determine the total of your fitting & evaluation and U&C material charge.
 Your U&C fee for contact lens materials: $50
 Add 85% of your U&C fee for fitting and evaluation: +$30
 Total: $80
 2. Subtract the copay from this total to determine the remaining balance.
 Patient’s copay:-$20
 Remaining balance: $60
 3. Subtract the contact lens allowance from this total.
 Contact lens allowance (e.g., $105)-$60
 Remaining balance to charge to patient: $0
 Remaining balance is more than Contact Lens Allowance
 1. Determine the total of your fitting & evaluation and U&C material charge.
 Your U&C fee for contact lens materials: +$95
 Add 85% of your U&C fee for fitting and evaluation: +$50
 Total: $145
 2. Subtract the copay from this total to determine the remaining balance.
 Patient’s copay:-$20
 Remaining balance: $125
 3. Subtract the contact lens allowance from this total.
 Contact lens allowance (e.g., $105)-$105
 Remaining balance: $20
 Note: 
Our online Savings Statement won’t automatically calculate copays for these scenarios.
 Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 59
 Elective Contact Lens Covered in Full Exception Clients
 This information applies only to those clients with Elective Contact Lens (ECL) covered-in-full exceptions. These clients require that an annual supply of ECL contacts be covered in full to your
 patient.
 For complete ECL information, refer to “Contact Lens Plans" in the Plans & Coverages section.
 Eye Exam
 Use your patient’s exam benefit to bill for the routine exam.
 CONTACT LENS SERVICES
 Bill the right CPT code and your U&C fees for the contact lens services.
 Contact Lens Materials
 Bill the right HCPCs code(s) for provided materials. Submit your U&C fees for materials and indicate the number of units (contact lenses) dispensed.
 Contact Lens Type
 Based on the number of units dispensed, indicate the correct type of lenses:
 1–2 units: Conventional or non-disposable contacts
 3–52 units: Planned replacement, month/quarter, or 14-day disposables
 53–106 units: 7-day disposables
 107–361+ units: 1-day disposables
 VSP Payment
 We’ll pay you 85% of your contact lens service fees plus your U&C fees for materials up to the maximum amount for the type of contact lenses provided. We’ll pay separately for a routine exam.
 Note: 
Unless otherwise indicated on the Patient Record Report, there are no benefits for professional services or materials connected with the following:
 Corneal Refractive Therapy, Orthokeratology, and myopia management.
 Copay
 Collect any applicable copays from your patient.
 Balance Billing
 Don’t bill your patient for the contact lens services or the annual supply of contact lenses. You must accept payment from us as payment in full for services rendered and make no additional
 charge to the patient for covered services.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 60
 Hexcel Corp Clients Details (Utah Employees Only)
 ®
 The following applies to Hexcel ProTec Safety Plan coverage, only for employees who reside, or purchase their ProTec materials in the state of Utah, where there is a state sales tax for durable
 medical equipment (DME).
 The standard dispensing fee for ProTec is $25. We have increased the dispensing fee for these Utah employees, to $35. This increase will cover the cost of sales tax on the ProTec safety glasses
 and covered lens enhancements. Please do not collect sales tax from the employee/member for any covered ProTec materials.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 61
 Hometown Health Plan Integrated Primary EyeCare
 SM
 Members of Hometown Health Plan’s HMO and PPO are covered under VSP’s Integrated Primary EyeCare Program . Refer to the Integrated Primary EyeCare Program in the Plans & Coverages
 section for more information.
 Please contact Hometown Health’s Provider Relations department at 775.982.3233 to schedule an in-service to learn more about policies and procedures, obtain information on electronic claims
 submittal, and check member eligibility status.
 Important!
 Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) require that Hometown Health (RenownHealth) make available to all providers of healthcare services for their members its Code of Conduct and
 Compliance Policies. This information can be accessed at https://www.hometownhealth.com/compliance-program/policies-and-procedures/ and should be reviewed annually for the latest
 updates. 
For questions about eligibility, paper claims and benefits, check your patient’s ID card for information and the contact phone number. Keep a copy of the ID card in your patient’s file.
 Sample ID cards
 Patients have direct access to any participating VSP Integrated Primary EyeCare provider. Participating providers are listed on the Hometown Health website at www.hometownhealth.com.
 Services that are approved will be applied to the members’ medical benefit.
 Note: 
Integrated Primary EyeCare patients can only be referred to another doctor or refused service if the service required is beyond the scope of your licensure.
 Hometown Health handles reimbursement and pays claims daily following state and federal regulations. Reimbursement is based on your current VSP contracted rates.
 Please refer to the patient’s ID card from Hometown Health for directions on submitting claims.
 Hometown Health Plan Schedule of Covered Services – Effective January 1, 2022
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 62
 Idaho Power Company Client Details
 The following applies to Idaho Power Company members’ Safety pair of safety coverage. Employees have first and second pair benefits under the company safety plan. This is coverage for
 EMPLOYEE ONLY, no dependent coverage.
 Idaho Power patients may fill out a questionnaire about their work environments and related safety requirements before their exam. A sample Safety Requirements Questionnaire is located in
 the Tools and Forms section of the Manuals on VSPOnline on eyefinity.com. Keep a copy of the questionnaire or the information it contains in your patient’s record.
 To obtain an authorization, contact our Provider Services Support Line at 800.615.1883.
 Collect a $15 copay from patients for the first pair and $20 for the second pair.
 Lenses
 Safety lenses are available to the member only. The following lens enhancements are covered for 1 pair Safety:
 Polycarbonate
 Progressive
 Blended
 Photochromic
 Anti-reflective
 Solid and gradient tints
 Ultraviolet (UV) coating (required)
 The following lens enhancements are covered for 2 pair Safety:
 Polycarbonate
 Photochromic
 Anti-reflective
 Solid and gradient tints
 Ultraviolet (UV) coating (required)
 Frame
 nd 
st
 Permanent side shields are required for all frames and are covered, up to the frame allowance, including frame and side shields.
 The patient has a retail frame allowance of $100 (wholesale allowance of $38) for their first safety pair. If the member chooses a frame with a cost that exceeds both the wholesale and retail
 allowances, deduct 20% from the retail overage. Determine the patient’s cost (if any) as you do today and collect any overages from patient.
 Additional Pair Eligibility
 An additional pair of Safety lenses and frame up to $100 are also available every calendar year.
 Important! 
The patient could be eligible for an additional pair of safety glasses, even if they’re not showing availability on eyefinity.com. Call VSP to confirm eligibility and receive an authorization.
 Repair & replacement
 Idaho Power members also have an additional interim benefit that includes repair or replacement of lenses and/or frame once every calendar year for any reason (broken, lost, stolen, etc.).
 Important! 
Call VSP to receive an authorization for repair or replacement.
 Copay
 First Pair: Collect $15 copay for materials from patients
 Second Pair: Collect $20 copay for materials from patients
 Lab
 Order safety lenses and frames for these clients from a lab capable of producing ANSI certified safety eyewear (see the National Contract Lab List)
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 63
 Navajo Transitional Energy Company
 Cloud Peak Energy was gifted to a new region and changed their name to Navajo Transitional Energy Company. The following applies to Navajo Transitional Energy Company members only.
 Navajo Transitional Energy Company members are eligible for safety lenses every twelve months and a frame every 24 months. Refer to the ProTec Safety Plan section for complete Safety
 Eyecare information and details. Patients may present an ID card with the details of their plan:
 Additional Pair Eligibility
 An additional pair of ProTec Safety lenses are also available every 12 months and a frame every 24 months through Interim Benefits.
 Important! 
The patient could be eligible for an additional pair of safety glasses through Interim Benefits, even if they’re not showing availability on eyefinity.com. Call VSP to confirm eligibility and receive
 an authorization.
 Repair & replacement
 Navajo Transitional Energy members also have an additional interim benefit that includes repair or replacement of lenses and/or frame once every 12 months for any reason (broken, lost,
 stolen, etc.).
 Important! 
Call VSP to receive an authorization for repair or replacement.
 Copays
 Don’t collect any copays from the patient for ProTec Safety lenses, frames, or covered lens enhancements.
 Covered Lens Enhancements
 Progressive lenses
 Polycarbonate lenses
 Photochromic lenses
 Solid and gradient tinting
 Anti-reflective coating
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 64
 NV Energy Client Details
 The following applies to NV Energy, employee only benefit entitles them to two (2) pairs of Safety glasses every 12 months.
 NV Energy patients may fill out a questionnaire about their work environments and related safety requirements before their exam. A sample Safety Requirements Questionnaire is located in
 the Tools and Forms section of the Manuals on VSPOnline on eyefinity.com. Keep a copy of the questionnaire or the information it contains in your patient’s record.
 To obtain an authorization, contact VSP at 800.615.1883.
 $0.
 Lenses
 Safety glasses are available to the employee only.
 Polycarbonate lenses are preferred and covered.
 Photochromic and Tinted lenses are covered.
 Progressive and Blended Bifocals lenses are covered.
 UV and Scratch resistant coated lenses are covered.
 Frame
 The patient has a retail frame allowance of $130 (wholesale allowance of $50). If the member chooses a frame with a cost that exceeds both the wholesale and retail allowances, deduct 20%
 from the retail overage. Determine the patient’s cost (if any) as you do today and collect any overages from patient. (The patient is NOT limited to ProTec frames).
 Order safety lenses and frames for employees of these members from a lab capable of producing ANSI certified safety eyewear (see the National Contract Lab List).
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 65
 Post-Cataract Enhancement Clients
 Coverage for post cataract enhancement services is indicated by the following comment: “Patient is eligible for exam and materials after cataract surgery. Call Customer Service.”
 Please call VSP at 800.615.1883 for an authorization. Verify copay and coverage details on the Patient Record Report.
 Our post-cataract services are based on national Medicare guidelines. Patients can get post-surgical exams and materials covered up to the plan allowance, minus any copays. Please call VSP for
 an authorization for post-cataract exams and materials. Pre-certification isn’t required.
 This isn’t a medical benefit and doesn’t cover postoperative/ambulatory care. The benefit only covers a comprehensive or intermediate exam and corrective materials needed after cataract
 removal or the lack of an intraocular lens (IOL).
 Eligibility
 Aphakic with IOL (pseudophakia): Post-surgical exam and one pair of eyeglasses or contact lenses after each cataract surgery with IOL insertion (diagnosis code Z96.1) once per lifetime per
 operative eye.
 Aphakic without IOL: In addition to the post-surgical exam, aphakic patients who do not have an IOL (aphakia diagnosis codes H27.00 - H27.03 or Q12.3) are covered for the following lenses or
 combination of lenses after each cataract surgery when visually necessary:
 Bifocal lenses in frames; or
 Lenses in frames for distance vision and lenses in frames for near vision (two pairs of glasses); or
 Conventional contact lenses for distance vision, eyeglasses for near vision to wear with contact lenses, and eyeglasses to wear when the contact lenses have been removed.
 Lens Materials
 The following lens enhancements may be covered following cataract extraction when visually necessary and documented by the treating doctor:
 Tints (V2744-V2745)
 Anti-reflective coating (V2750)
 UV lenses (V2755)
 Oversize lenses (V2780)
 Follow the instructions on the Patient Record Report for covered and non-covered lens enhancements
 Frames
 Only standard frames are covered (V2020). Deluxe frames (V2025) aren’t covered, but your patient may pay to upgrade frames. Tell patients about price differences in advance. They must sign an
 “Advanced Beneficiary Notice” agreeing to pay the extra charge.
 Non-Covered Materials
 If your patient chooses materials other than those covered, the cost of those materials is a private transaction between you and your patient. We don’t cover replacement frames, eyeglasses, or
 contact lenses. Presbyopia-correcting intraocular lenses (IOLs) are also not covered.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 66
 Principal Financial Group
 ®
 ®
 All Principal plans are on the Choice Network with participating retails chains, VSP Choice Plan , which includes a fully covered VSP WellVision Exam and quality prescription eyewear featuring
 the lowest out-of-pocket costs with our lens enhancements savings and wholesale frame pricing guarantee.
 Retirees: Please refer to VSP Vision Savings Pass in the Client Details section for further information.
 Current employees and dependents: Please refer to VSP Choice Plan and Exam Plus Plan for further information.
 Principal identifies members by a unique nine-digit ID number referred to as a member or privacy ID. Members can find this number on principal.com or on the Principal mobile app.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 67
 RTX Corporation
 The following client details apply to RTX members only. Please refer to the Patient Record Report to confirm coordination or benefits restriction applies.
 Important! 
RTX employees are covered under the VSP ProTec Safety plan.
 The following client details apply to RTX Corporation members only. Please refer to the VSP Safety Eyecare Plan in the Plans and Coverages section for complete Safety Eyecare information for
 these members.
 Before scheduling an appointment, RTX members must get a signed “RTX ProTec Eyewear Authorization Form” from RTX. Although not required, RTX members may also present the VSP Safety
 Requirements Questionnaire at the time of their exam. Please put all applicable forms in the patient’s file.
 Important! 
RTX employees must provide a signed RTX ProTec Eyewear Authorization Form before they can receive safety services or materials even if they are eligible for safety benefits online.
 There are two ways to get authorization:
 Online: Log on to eyefinity.com, select Get Authorization & Check Eligibility, and then select Member Search.
 By phone: Call VSP at 800.615.1883. You’ll need to provide the name of the Raytheon supervisor who approved the benefit to our Customer Service Representative to get an authorization.
 Copay
 Exam – No copay.
 Materials – No copay.
 ® 
Under the ProTec Safety Plan, RTX members are eligible for a fully covered safety frame from the ProTec Eyewear frame kit and single-vision, lined bifocal, or trifocal polycarbonate lenses.
 Detachable side shields and a frame case are provided with each order through the participating labs, or members can use a $65 frame allowance for any other safety frame outside of the
 ProTec Eyewear collection only available from a VSP provider, with 20% savings on the amount over their allowance.
 The following limitations and requirements apply to RTX members:
 Safety glasses are available to the employee only.
 Polycarbonate lenses are preferred and covered.
 Permanent or removable side shields are required for all frames and are covered for ProTec Eyewear frames.
 If permanent side shields are required, it will be noted on the member’s RTX Technologies ProTec Eyewear Authorization form. Note: When billing on eyefinity.com enter “permanent side
 shields” in Lab Special Instructions on Invoice Services page of eClaim.
 All ProTec Safety and Repair/Replace orders must be sent to participating labs.
 Frames for electricians must be made from non-metallic materials.
 Repair/Replace Benefits
 RTX employees must provide a signed “RTX Safety Eyewear Authorization Form” before they can receive repair/replacement safety services or materials.
 After using their materials benefit under their ProTec Safety plan, RTX members have an additional Repair/Replace benefit for their safety eyewear which covers materials.
 RTX members are eligible for repair/replacement if their spectacle lenses or frames are broken or damaged.
 Eligible RTX members covered under this additional benefit are entitled to safety eyeglass lens and safety frame repair/replacement.
 Frame repair includes temples only, front only, hinge, and miscellaneous repairs.
 The repair benefit may also include replacement of a complete frame and/or basic lens based on your professional judgment.
 The following limitations and requirements apply to RTX members:
 For RTX members that supply a non-ProTec Eyewear frame to have lenses replaced, order must be sent to participating labs.
 For RTX members that supply a non-ProTec Eyewear frame for repair/replacement, previous safety frame must be replaced with a selected ProTec Eyewear model.
 For new frames, RTX members must choose one of the 30 ANSI-approved frames from the ProTec Eyewear kit or online catalog which are fully covered.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 68
 The Greenbrier Companies Inc
 ProTec Safety Materials Only: ProTec Safety First and Second Pair Benefit and Eligibility
 The Greenbrier Companies Inc members have a materials only benefit lens and frame plan.
 Members are eligible for a first pair, safety lenses and frame once every 12 months beginning in January. Visit eyefinity.com for eligibility and authorization information. Refer to the ProTec
 Eyecare section for complete coverage and billing details.
 ProTec Safety Stand Alone: ProTec Safety First Pair Benefit and Eligibility
 The Greenbrier Companies Inc members have exam, lens and frame plan.
 Members are eligible for a first pair exam, safety lenses and frame once every 12 months beginning in January. Visit eyefinity.com for eligibility and authorization information. Refer to
 the ProTec Eyecare section for complete coverage and billing details.
 FRAME DETAILS:
 Fully covered from ProTec Eyewear kit/online catalog.
 ProTec Safety Second Pair Benefit and Eligibility
 Second pair of prescription safety lenses and frame is available once every 12 months beginning in January. When visiting eyefinity.com for eligibility, note that the ProTec Safety second pair
 benefit has special handling rules. Refer to the Materials Coverage section.
 To obtain an authorization, contact VSP at 800.615.1883 or go to VSPOnline at eyefinity.com.
 The Greenbrier Companies Inc. patients may fill out a questionnaire about their work environments and related safety requirements before their exam. A sample Safety Requirements
 Questionnaire is located in the Tools and Forms section of the Manuals on VSPOnline at eyefinity.com. Keep a copy of the questionnaire or the information it contains in your patient’s record.
 ProTec Safety Materials Only: Do not collect copay from patients
 ProTec Safety Stand Alone: Collect $10 copay for safety exam
 Lenses
 Safety lenses are available to the member only.
 Progressive lenses are covered.
 Polycarbonate lenses are preferred and covered.
 Ultraviolet (UV) coating is covered.
 Scratch-resistant coating is covered.
 Anti-reflective coating is covered.
 Frame
 While all ProTec frames are available for this client, the patient has to choose the selected ProTec Eyewear frame approved by Greenbrier.  Please have them check with their employer if the
 ProTec frame selected is approved for both first and second pair.  
The order will automatically route to VSPOne Columbus or VSPOne Sacramento. You may select either of these VSPOne labs.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 69
 Tucson Electric Power
 The following applies to Tucson Electric Power patients only. This information is intended to explain their unique first and second pair safety glasses benefits. Refer to the ProTec Safety
 Plan section for complete coverage and billing details.
 Tucson Electric Power members have a materials only  ProTec Safety Plan . Members are eligible for a first pair of safety lenses and frame, which can either be clear or a tinted set of prescription
 safety glasses, once every 30 months. Visit eyefinity.com for eligibility and authorization information.
 Note: 
If the member has already obtained their first pair of safety glasses, call VSP at 800.615.1883, they could be eligible for a second pair of safety glasses.
 Second pair of prescription ProTec Safety lenses and frame may be available, once every 30 months, and can also be either clear or tinted.
 Note: 
The respirator lens inserts benefit doesn’t automatically appear on eyefinity.com, call VSP at 800.615.1883 for eligibility and authorization information.
 The following is a listing of covered lens enhancements:
 Progressives
 Polycarbonate lenses
 Solid and gradient tints
 Scratch resistant coating
 Don’t collect any copays from the patient.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 70
 Union Benefits Trust
 Interim benefits are available within 12 months of the last exam. Exam and lenses are covered if:
 Diopter changes >= .50 diopters, or
 Axis change >= 15 degrees, or
 Prism change >= .50 diopters
 See Interim Benefits in the Plans and Coverages section for more information.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 71
 United Parcel Service (UPS)
 Some UPS members may be eligible for covered in full hard and soft Conventional (aka Annual Replacement) contacts under the Special Conventional Contact Lens Coverage as identified by the
 following comment on the Patient record Report:
 SPECIAL CONVENTIONAL DAILY WEAR CONTACT LENS COVERAGE
 Contact Lens Type
 Soft
 Hard
 Other
 Covered
 Yes
 Yes
 Covered Codes
 V2520—2 units or less
 V2500—2 units or less
 No—See Other Contact Lenses
 N/A
 Two units or less of Conventional clear contact lenses should be handled as stated in “Covered Contact Lenses” under Contact Lens Plans in the Plans and Coverages section of the Manual.
 Please use HCPCS-specific codes when filing VSP claims in eClaim. The Contact Lens Type drop-down list has HCPCS-specific codes and description consistent with industry standards.
 All other elective contact lenses, i.e., disposable, planned replacement, extended wear, bifocal, toric, or tinted daily wear, as well as rigid, gas-permeable daily wear, are covered through the
 "Exam And" plan. Refer to the Contact Lens Plans in the Plans and Coverages section of the Manual for more information.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 72
 Vulcan Materials Client Details (Alabama employees Only)
 The following applies to Vulcan Materials ProTec Safety Plan coverage, only for employees who reside, or purchase their ProTec materials, in the state of Alabama, where there is a state sales tax
 for durable medical equipment (DME).
 The standard dispensing fee for ProTec is $25. We have increased the dispensing fee for these Alabama employees only to $45. This increase will cover the cost of sales tax on the glasses and
 covered lens enhancements. Please do not collect sales tax from the employee/member for any covered ProTec materials.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 73
 Meta
 Effective January 1, 2025, eligible members can use their VSP Signature Plan for their choice of prescription glasses, contacts (elective or visually necessary), LightCare (ready-made sunglasses or
 blue light filtering glasses) or plano (non-prescription) Ray-Ban Smart Glasses.
 Ray-Ban Smart Glasses will exhaust both their lens and frame eligibility. This is a Meta employee specific benefit.
 Subscriber (employee) only. Dependents are not covered. 
Patient is allowed one frame per benefit period.
 If member has VSP Signature and Additional Pair, they may still only receive one pair of Ray-Ban Smart Glasses.
 Patients may apply frame allowance toward Ray-Ban Meta instead of LightCare, prescription glasses or contact lenses.
 Frames 
Coverage includes Ray-Ban Meta Smart Glasses. Apply the patient's retail frame allowance to the cost of the frames.
 Material co-pay does not apply.
 No discount on overage.
 Patients may apply frame allowance toward Ray-Ban Meta instead of LightCare, prescription glasses or contact lenses.
 This will exhaust both lens and frame benefits.
 Prescription lenses are not covered with Ray-Ban Meta Smart Glasses. 
Lenses
 Prescription lenses are not covered with Ray-Ban Meta Smart Glasses.
 If member has Additional Pair coverage it can be used for the lenses as a separate claim. It would be lenses with a patient supplied frame and they can use the Meta frames. 
If no Additional Pair benefit available, charge 80% of U&C for prescription lenses and lens enhancements (or 30% if same day as exam). 
When submitting claims for Ray-Ban Meta Smart Glasses on eClaim, indicate the order as a “frame only” order and appropriate diagnosis code.
 A diagnosis code is required for claim submission. For plano frame-only claim submission, use Z46.0 (Encounter for fitting and adjustment of spectacles and contact lenses) or other relevant
 diagnosis code(s), as appropriate. Including a diagnosis code will ensure correct claims processing.
 Note: 
Prescription lenses are not covered on Smart Glasses claim, must be billed on a separate benefit if eligible or charge privately after discount (see Materials Coverage above).
 For all eligible Ray-Ban Smart Glasses claims, you’ll be reimbursed both your frame dispensing fee and a frame material fee (up to the patient’s Smart Glasses wholesale/retail frame allowance).
 See Patient Record Report for coverage details.
 See Services Subject to Review/Audit for information regarding material record keeping requirements.
Policies
 9
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 74
 Business Continuity Plan
 We’ve established emergency recovery plans that’ll go into effect immediately in the unlikely event our corporate office experiences a major disaster, such as a flood or earthquake. Follow the
 guidelines below in the event of a disaster.
 Major disasters could impact these authorization support systems:
 Electronic claim submission system
 Interactive Voice Response (IVR) system
 Please follow these guidelines if a disaster impacts our corporate office:
 Call VSP at 800.615.1883 and follow the recorded instructions. We’ll update them as needed.
 For procedural questions, check the appropriate section in this manual.
 Modified Authorizations—If the greeting instructs you to give “modified authorizations,” please follow this procedure:
 1. Provide exam services to your patient. Explain that VSP’s experiencing a business interruption and you can’t obtain an authorization for services. Tell your patient that, unless you receive full
 authorization, they may have out-of-pocket expenses that you can’t confirm until later.
 2. Have your patient sign a Patient Responsibility Statement. You can find an electronic copy under the Patient Education area in the Administration section on VSPOnline at eyefinity.com.
 Collect deductibles (if known).
 3. Materials should be held until you are able to confirm eligibility and benefit information. Obtain the authorization and notify the patient of any out-of-pocket expenses incurred upon
 confirmation of coverage and prior to ordering materials.
 4. When systems become available for obtaining authorizations, you may submit the exam and materials using the original date of service through eClaim using the backdated authorization
 process.
 Note: 
Follow this process to get authorizations during our recovery phase only. Please use the electronic claim submission system when it becomes available for you to get authorizations.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 75
 VSP makes every attempt to resolve complaints and grievances expeditiously and to the member’s satisfaction. VSP network doctors are responsible for ensuring office staff is informed of
 the VSP Member Complaint Process and provide a copy of the VSP Member Complaint/Grievance Form to patients upon request. The VSP Member Complaint/Grievance Form is available in
 English, Spanish, and Chinese, and can be found in the Patient Education area Administration – Form Library section on VSPOnline at eyefinity.com.
 Note: 
For California residents see Complaints and Grievances under Patients’ Rights and Responsibilities.
 For California Residents: If a provider or enrollee is unable to obtain a timely referral from a provider, a complaint may be filed with the DMHC at their toll-free telephone number (1-888-466
2219) and/or a TDD line (1-877-688-9891) for the hearing and speech impaired. The Department’s internet website www.dmhc.ca.gov has complaint forms, IMR application forms, and
 instructions online.
 Complaint/Grievance – is a written or verbal expression of dissatisfaction regarding the plan and/or provider, including quality of care and quality of service concerns, dispute, request for
 reconsideration, or appeal made by a member or the member’s representative. This includes a written or verbal expression of dissatisfaction by a member or group contract holder who
 believes their plan contract has been or will be improperly cancelled, rescinded, or not renewed.
 When the plan is unable to distinguish between a grievance and an inquiry, it shall be considered a grievance.
 Neither VSP nor its contracted providers may retaliate against a member on the basis of filing a complaint or grievance, in accordance with State and Federal regulations.
 HIPAA privacy-related complaints may be submitted with or without other complaints related to quality and other services.
 Quality of Care Grievance – Complaints that allege concerns about the standards of care provided, which may include and are not limited to, misdiagnosis, negligent treatment, and/or
 incorrect prescription.
 Quality of Service Grievance – Complaints that allege concerns about the standards of service provided, which may include and are not limited to, unprofessional behavior, inappropriate
 disclosure of PHI, discrimination, appointment availability, and/or physical accessibility.
 When a quality of care and/or quality of service grievance is identified, VSP is required to gather medical records, a response from the contracted provider, and any additional information
 necessary to determine if there is sufficient evidence that deviation from clinical practice guidelines occurred, resulting in an adverse effect on the patient’s health, or a violation of applicable
 laws and regulations occurred.
 If no violation is found, or VSP finds insufficient evidence, the quality of care and/or quality of service complaint is closed.
 VSP regularly sends patient satisfaction surveys by random selection to VSP members who have received services with a VSP network doctor. If a complaint/grievance is identified through a
 satisfaction survey it will be sent to the appropriate department for review and resolution, following our policies and procedures described above.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 76
 Credentialing and Recredentialing
 VSP credentials its Network Providers in accordance with the standards and guidelines of the National Committee for Quality Assurance (NCQA), and other accrediting or regulatory agencies, as
 appropriate. The doctor network consists of Optometrists, Ophthalmologists and Doctors of Osteopathy and each is required to be an active participant in the Medicare program.
 Confidentiality
 VSP maintains confidentiality of all information obtained for the purposes of credentialing and recredentialing VSP doctors. Only staff in Network Development, the Credentialing Committee and
 delegated entity(ies) have access to this confidential doctor information. VSP does not disclose confidential doctor information to any person or entity except with the written permission of the
 doctor or as otherwise permitted, required by contract or State and/or Federal law.
 Delegation of Primary Source Verification
 VSP delegates the administrative activities of its credentialing to an NCQA certified Credentialing Verification Organization (CVO).
 In accordance with NCQA standards, the CVO verifies the presence and timelines of the following:
 Timeliness of current attestation
 All active state licenses
 Board certification of MDs and DOs
 Education and training
 DEA license as required by applicable State regulation
 CDS, if applicable
 Current individual doctor malpractice insurance coverage
 Malpractice claims history and/or sanctions
 Medicare/Medicaid sanctions via National Practitioner Database, (NPDB), Office of the Inspector General (OIG) and System for Award Management (SAM)
 State Medicaid enrollment including State Agency suspension, exclusions and terminations list, if applicable
 Hospital privileges loss or limitation of privileges
 Work history for initial applications only—application or curriculum vitae
 Medicare opt out
 Query the SSA Master Death
 National Plan and Provider Enumeration System (NPPES) – NPI number
 Office of Foreign Asset Control (OFAC)
 CMS Preclusion List
 Medicare participation is required of all VSP network doctors in order to comply with the implementation of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services’ (CMS) Medicare Advantage program.
 VSP doctors are required to provide evidence of participation at initial and re-credentialing.
 Application
 All applicant and existing doctors must complete and attest to the accuracy of their CAQH information and consent to the inspection of records and documents pertinent to the credentialing and
 recredentialing processes.
 Doctors must complete the CAQH application, or State-mandated application, that includes a current and signed attestation of the following:
 Physical and mental status
 Lack of impairment due to chemical dependency/substance abuse
 History of loss of license and/or felony convictions
 History of loss or limitation of privileges or disciplinary activity
 Current malpractice insurance coverage
 The correctness and completeness of the application
 Doctor Rights Regarding Application
 Doctors have the right to request the status of their credentialing and recredentialing application. The doctor’s rights and VSP contact information is included in the Provider Reference Manual
 for existing providers and online at vspglobal.com for applicant doctors. The doctor can request, in writing, to review and correct information obtained from outside sources for the purposes of
 initial credentialing and recredentialing. Doctors may submit their request via email to credentialing@vsp.com. VSP will respond within 3-5 business days. Peer review information is confidential
 and protected. The doctor application for VSP participation includes this provision.
 Doctor Notification of Information Discrepancy
 If the information submitted by the doctor varies substantially from the primary source verification and/or VSP network requirements, VSP or its CVO will make multiple contacts to inform the
 doctor via mail, facsimile, or phone call. Failure to correct the information may result in a denial and/or termination from the VSP network.
 Doctor Failure to Disclose Adverse Information
 VSP applicant and existing doctors must provide complete and accurate information. If the doctor fails to disclose adverse actions, VSP or its CVO will make multiple contacts with the doctor
 electronically, by facsimile.
 Non-Discrimination
 The Credentialing Committee members sign a non-discrimination agreement that remains in effect during their term as a Committee member. The statement attests that all decisions made by
 the committee are based on the doctor’s credentials and VSP network participation criteria and not the doctor’s age, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnic/national identity, specialization or
 special services the doctor may provide.
 Credentialing and Recredentialing Timeframes
 The credentialing and recredentialing process follows these timeframes:
 All source verification occurs within 180 calendar days of doctor signature date and Credentialing Committee date.
 CVO notifies the applicant doctor electronically, by facsimile or by certified mail, return receipt requested within 30 calendar days of receipt if application is incomplete.
 VSP notifies applicant doctors of Credentialing Committee approval and all doctors of Credentialing Committee denial within 10 business days of Committee decision.
 Recredentialing of doctors occurs with thirty-six (36) months of prior credentialing date in accordance with state and federal requirements and NCQA guidelines.
 Note: 
Timeframes are adjusted to meet State specific requirements. Verification concludes when the Credentialing Committee reaches the decision to approve or deny.
 Additional VSP Network Participation Requirements
All VSP services must be provided by a network doctor at a qualified office location. Each office location and doctor connected to the applicant doctor must be credentialed by VSP and meet
 network participation criteria.
 Each practice must have internet access to submit claims electronically and provide a valid e-mail address to receive communications from VSP.
 Each practice must be able to receive claim payment under one Tax Identification Number, electronically, via direct deposit.
 Use VSP contracted laboratories, as required based upon a patient’s VSP plan type (except, this shall not apply to doctors who practice in states with laws that specifically prohibit a health plan
 such as VSP from requiring the provision of such services).
 Maintain and display a minimum inventory of 200 frames from approved frame manufacturers, including a minimum of 100 frames that fall within the average VSP frame allowance of $150.
 Provide contact lens care to VSP patients.
 Provide 24-hour access to VSP patients, as well as have 24-hour access to instrumentation and materials. The 24-hour access to patients must include one or more of the following options:
 (a) answering service,
 (b) on-call service,
 (c) pager/mobile phone or
 (d) answering machine message providing the patient with instructions on how and where to obtain services from a VSP doctor, and instructions on what to do in case of a medical
 emergency.
 All of these options must allow a patient to leave a message for a returned call back.
 Provide service to patients who have the VSP Choice Plan or the VSP Advantage Plan (except, that this shall not apply to doctors who practice in states with laws that specifically prohibit a
 health plan such as VSP from requiring the provision of such services).
 VSP’s primary method of communication is e-mail. At least one network doctor’s valid e-mail address is required for each Qualified Office Location. It is the network doctor’s responsibility to
 maintain an up-to-date e-mail address to ensure receipt of important updates and critical information from VSP.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 77
 Insurance, Licensure and Certification
 Our network doctors must maintain malpractice insurance coverage, in individual or group coverage, in an amount of not less than $1,000,000 per occurrence and $3,000,000 annual aggregate.
 However, if a doctor participates in an active state patient compensation fund or excess liability program and meets that particular state’s fund/program requirements, that doctor will be exempt
 from maintaining VSP’s malpractice insurance coverage requirements. Doctors must notify us within 10 days of any lapse in professional or general liability insurance coverage and indemnify us
 against damage or claims stemming from a lack of insurance coverage. Insurance verification is done during the credentialing and recredentialing processes.
 Our network doctors must be licensed and in good standing as optometrists or ophthalmologists in the state(s) where they practice. We verify state licenses, state-controlled substance licenses
 (CDS) and federally controlled substance certificates (DEA) during the credentialing and recredentialing processes.
 Therapeutic Pharmaceutical Agents (TPA) Certification: Optometrists
 Optometrists must be fully licensed and TPA certified.
 Board Certification: Ophthalmologists
 All ophthalmologists must be board-certified by either the American Board of Ophthalmology (ABO), or the American Osteopathic Board of Ophthalmology and Otorhinolaryngology Certificate
 of Specialization (AOBOO).
 A certificate from the American Osteopathic Colleges of Ophthalmology and Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery isn’t acceptable.
 U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration Requirements
 Ophthalmologists must maintain current authorization to prescribe medication following federal DEA and state requirements in each state where they see patients. In some states, optometrists
 must have current DEA licenses to get or maintain TPA certification and prescribe medicine to the fullest extent of that certification.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 78
 Locum Tenens
 VSP requires its network providers to adhere to the following when utilizing a locum tenens (fill-in) doctor:
 1. When using a fill-in doctor, such doctor shall be a VSP credentialed doctor in good standing.
 2. If unable to arrange for a VSP credentialed doctor to fill-in the following applies:
 A. If the fill-in doctor(s) is to fill-in for a period of 10 days or less in a calendar year, VSP does not need to be notified and the use of a non-VSP credentialed provider shall be permitted.
 B. If the fill-in doctor(s) is to fill-in for a period of 11 days but not more than 60 days in a calendar year, VSP reserves the right to either approve or deny the fill-in doctor(s). The network
 provider shall contact VSP at least 10 calendar days in advance of a planned absence with the fill-in doctor’s name, degree, license number and NPI number. VSP will verify the following:
 All active states License
 Current individual doctor malpractice insurance coverage
 Malpractice claims history and/or sanctions
 Medicare /Medicaid sanctions via NPDB, OIG and SAM
 State Medicaid enrollment including State Agency suspension, exclusions and terminations list, if applicable
 Query the Master Death and NPPES
 Office of Foreign Assets (OFAC)
 CMS Preclusion List
 VSP will notify network doctor of its decision and if approved by VSP, doctor(s) may fill-in for the network provider.
 Should an emergency situation arise requiring an immediate and unplanned absence of 11-60 days in total, the network provider, or his or her staff, shall contact VSP as soon as the need for the
 immediate and unplanned absence arises, to provide the name, degree, license number and NPI number of the fill-in doctor(s). Network provider shall also provide VSP with information related
 to the emergency situation. The fill-in doctor(s) may be used for up to 10 days in total while the fill-in doctor’s verifications are obtained.
 In no event shall a doctor or multiple doctors provide services on behalf of the same VSP network provider to VSP patients in the locum tenens capacity for more than 60 days in a calendar year
 unless otherwise specified by State regulation.
 Submitting a Claim for Locum Tenens or Fill-in Providers
 If you’re away for up to 60 days in a calendar year and use a Locum Tenens or fill in provider, you can submit a claim using eClaim or paper:
 Submit the claim under your NPI and Tax ID number
 Include the Locum Tenens or fill in provider’s NPI or SSN in box 19 “Reserved for Local Use” and a modifier for each line as follows:
 Modifier Q5 – The covering physician must be a permanent part of the existing office practice, and is not hired from the outside, or operating under a different tax ID number, or billing for
 services provided under a ‘group practice’ tax ID number.
 Modifier Q6 – The Locum Tenens provider is brought in or hired from outside the existing office practice.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 79
 Medicaid & Medicare Compliance
 Your agreement with VSP requires you to comply with all applicable requirements under state and federal laws and regulations. According to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services,
 applicable requirements include the following:
 You are responsible for ensuring that you do not employ or contract with excluded individuals or entities, whether in a physician practice, a clinic, or in any capacity or setting in which Federal
 health care programs may reimburse for the items or services furnished by those employees or contractors. This responsibility requires screening all current and prospective employees and
 contractors against Office of Inspector General (OIG) List of Excluded Individuals and Entities. This online database can be accessed from OIG’s Exclusion Web site. If you employ or contract with
 an excluded individual or entity and Federal health care program payment is made for items or services that person or entity furnishes, whether directly or indirectly, you may be subject to a civil
 monetary penalty and/or an obligation to repay any amounts attributable to the services of the excluded individual or entity.
 For more information, see OIG’s exclusion Web site available at http://oig.hhs.gov/fraud/exclusions.asp.
 Keep Your Information Current with NPPES 
As a provider with an NPI, you are required to keep your information current with the National Plan and Provider Enumeration System (NPPES). To review or update your information, please visit
 https://nppes.com.hhs.gov/#/.  
VSP regularly monitors provider participation for Medicaid/Medicare. If a provider received payment from VSP during a time period when they were ineligible to participate in Medicaid/Medicare,
 VSP is required to recoup payment under Title XIX of the Social Security Act in accordance with 42, CFR, 438.608(d). This provision does not apply to any amount of recovery to be retained under
 False Claims Act cases or through other investigations.
 MEDICARE ADVANTAGE CONTRACT PROVISIONS TO THE NETWORK DOCTOR AGREEMENT
 The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (hereinafter "CMS") requires that specific terms and conditions be incorporated into the Agreement between a Medicare Advantage
 Organization, a First Tier Downstream or Related Entity to comply with the Medicare laws, regulations, and CMS instructions, including; and
 Except as provided herein, all other provisions of the Agreement between Vision Service Plan ("VSP") and Network Doctor not inconsistent herein shall remain in full force and effect.
 Definitions:
 Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services ("CMS"): the agency within the Department of Health and Human Services that administers the Medicare program.
 Downstream Entity: any party that enters into a written arrangement, acceptable to CMS, with persons or entities involved with the MA benefit, below the level of the arrangement between an
 MA organization (or applicant) and a first-tier entity. These written arrangements continue down to the level of the Network Provider of both health and administrative services.
 First Tier Entity: any party that enters into a written arrangement, acceptable to CMS, with an MA organization or applicant to provide administrative services or health care services for a
 Medicare eligible individual under the MA program.
 Medicare Advantage Plan ("MA"): an alternative to the traditional Medicare program in which private plans run by health insurance companies provide health care benefits that eligible
 beneficiaries would otherwise receive directly from the Medicare program.
 Medicare Advantage Organization ("MA organization"): a public or private entity organized and licensed by a State as a risk-bearing entity (with the exception of provider-sponsored
 organizations receiving waivers) that is certified by CMS as meeting the MA contract requirements.
 Provider: (1) any individual who is engaged in the delivery of health care services in a State and is licensed or certified by the State to engage in that activity in the State; and (2) any entity that is
 engaged in the delivery of health care services in a State and is licensed or certified to deliver those services if such licensing or certification is required by State law or regulation.
 Related entity: any entity that is related to the MA organization by common ownership or control and (1) performs some of the MA organization's management functions under contract or
 delegation; (2) furnishes services to Medicare enrollees under an oral or written agreement; or (3) leases real property or sells materials to the MA organization at a cost of more than $2,500
 during a contract period.
 VSP and Network Doctor agree to the following:
 1. Network Doctor agrees that Health and Human Services ("HHS"), the Comptroller General, or their designees have the right to audit, evaluate, and inspect any pertinent information for any
 particular contract period, including, but not limited to, any books, contracts, computer or other electronic systems (including medical records and documentation of the first tier, downstream,
 and entities related to CMS’ contract with a Medicare Advantage Organization, ("MA") through 10 years from the final date of the final contract period of the contract entered into between VSP
 and the MA organization or from the date of completion of any audit, whichever is later. [42 C.F.R. §§ 422.504(i)(2)(i) and (ii)]
 HHS, the Comptroller General, or their designees have the right to audit, evaluate, collect, and inspect any records under paragraph 1 of this contract provision directly from any first tier,
 downstream, or related entity. For records subject to review under paragraph 1, except in exceptional circumstances, CMS will provide notification to the MA organization that a direct request
 for information has been initiated. [42 C.F.R. §§422.504(i)(2)(ii) and (iii)]
 2. Network Doctor will comply with the confidentiality and enrollee record accuracy requirements, including: (1) abiding by all Federal and State laws regarding confidentiality and disclosure of
 medical records, or other health and enrollment information, (2) ensuring that medical information is released only in accordance with applicable Federal or State law, or pursuant to court
 orders or subpoenas, (3) maintaining the records and information in an accurate and timely manner, and (4) ensuring timely access by enrollees to the records and information that pertain to
 them. [42 C.F.R. §§ 422.504(a)(13) and 422.118]
 3. Enrollees will not be held liable for payment of any fees that are the legal obligation of VSP or the MA organization. [42 C.F.R. §§ 422.504(i)(3)(i) and 422.504(g)(1)(i)]
 4. Network Doctor will not be eligible for payment and will be prohibited from pursuing payment from VSP enrollees after the expiration of the 60-day period specified in 42 C.F.R. § 422.222. The
 provider will hold financial liability for services, items, and drugs that are furnished, ordered or prescribed after the expiration of such 60-day expiration period. [42 C.F.R. §§ 422.504(g)(1)(iv),
 422.504(i)(2)(v)]
 5. For all enrollees eligible for both Medicare and Medicaid, enrollees will not be held liable for cost sharing when VSP or the State is responsible for paying such amounts. Providers will be
 informed of Medicare and Medicaid benefits and rules for enrollees eligible for Medicare and Medicaid. The Network Doctor may not impose cost-sharing that exceeds the amount of cost
sharing that would be permitted with respect to the individual under title XIX, Medicaid, if the individual were not enrolled in such a plan. Providers will: (1) accept VSP payment as payment in
 full, or (2) bill the appropriate State source. [42 C.F.R. §§ 422.504(i)(3)(i) and 422.504(g)(1)(i)]
 6. Any services or other activity performed in accordance with a contract or written agreement by VSP or the Network Doctor are consistent and comply with the MA organization's contractual
 obligations. [42 C.F.R. § 422.504(i)(3)(iii)]
 7. Contracts or other written agreements between VSP the MA organization and providers must contain a prompt payment provision, the terms of which are developed and agreed to by the
 contracting parties. VSP is obligated to pay contracted providers under the terms of the contract between MA Organization/VSP and Network Doctor. [42 C.F.R. §§ 422.520(b)(1) and (2)]
 8. Network Doctor and any related entity, contractor or subcontractor will comply with all applicable Medicare laws, regulations, and CMS instructions. [42 C.F.R. §§ 422.504(i)(4)(v)]
 9. If any of the MA Organization’s activities or responsibilities under its contract with CMS are delegated to VSP as a first tier, downstream, and related entity:
 (i) The MA Organization reserves the right to revoke the delegation activities and reporting requirements or to specify other remedies in instances where CMS or the MA Organization determines
 that such parties have not performed satisfactorily.
 (ii) The MA Organization will monitor the performance of the parties on an ongoing basis.
(iii) The credentials of medical professionals affiliated with the party or parties will be either reviewed by the MA Organization or the credentialing process will be reviewed and approved by the
 MA Organization and the MA Organization must audit the credentialing process on an ongoing basis.
 (iv) If the MA organization delegates the selection of providers, the MA organization retains the right to approve, suspend, or terminate any such arrangement. [42 C.F.R. §§ 422.504(i)(4)(5)]
 In the event that VSP, CMS, and/or MA determine that Network Doctor’s performance under this MA Contract provision is not satisfactory, VSP, CMS, and/or MA may revoke Network Doctor’s
 participation in the MA Program.
 Except as provided in this Contract provision, all other provisions of the Agreement between Network Doctor and VSP not inconsistent with this Contract provision shall remain in full force and
 effect. This Contract provision shall remain in force as a separate but integral addition to the Agreement to ensure compliance with required CMS provisions, and shall continue concurrently with
 the term of the Agreement.
 PERSONS ELIGIBLE FOR MEDICARE AND MEDICAID
 Pursuant to the Affordable Care Act, the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) implemented a national duals demonstration program for people dually eligible for Medicare and
 Medicaid to test new service delivery and payment models. The program may be called MMP or Duals.
 The MMP/Duals are implemented through private health plans contracting with CMS and the applicable state Medicaid agency. Agreements with providers and other third parties who contract
 with health plans (directly or indirectly) must comply with applicable VSP/MMP contract requirements.
 VSP and Network Doctor agree to comply with the following requirements:
 To agree that cost sharing for Dual-Eligible Members is limited to the Medicaid cost sharing limits; and that for those dual-eligible Members the Network Doctor will accept VSP, and/or MMP
 payment as payment-in-full or will separately bill the appropriate state source for any amounts above the Medicaid cost sharing.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 80
 Office Location Standards
 VSP Vision Care is committed to high-quality, safe, and accessible office settings for our membership. Network doctors are required to meet or exceed all outlined doctor office location
 standards. To ensure compliance with these standards a site review is initiated upon reaching the established threshold of site quality complaints.
 Facility site must meet city, county, and state building structure and access ordinances for persons with physical disabilities. A facility site includes the building structure, walkways, parking
 lots, and equipment.
 All facilities designed, constructed; or altered by, on behalf of, or for the use of a public entity must be readily accessible and usable by individuals with disabilities, if the construction or
 alteration was begun after January 26, 1992 (28 CFR 35.151).
 Any alteration to a place of public accommodation or a commercial facility, after January 26, 1992, must be made to ensure that, to the maximum extent feasible, the altered portions of the
 facility are readily accessible to and useable by individuals with disabilities, including individuals who use wheelchairs (28 CFR 36.402).
 Reasonable accommodations must be made to allow adequate access for persons with disabilities.
 Provide accessible pedestrian paths of travel (ramps, corridors, walkways, lobbies, elevators, etc.) between elements (seats, tables, displays, equipment, parking spaces, etc.).
 The minimum clear passage needed for a single wheelchair is 36 inches along an accessible route and may be reduced to a minimum of 32 inches at a doorway.
 Restroom and hand washing facilities should be wheelchair-accessible. If wheelchair-accessible handwashing facilities are not available within the site, reasonable alternative accommodations
 are provided such as alcohol-based hand cleansers, and wheelchair-accessible restrooms are located within the building.
 For more information about the ADA, including ADA regulations, visit www.ADA.gov; or, www.access-board.gov.
 VSP requires network doctors to use an appointment scheduling process and system that allows appointments to be scheduled according to patients’ stated eye care needs within the timeliness
 standards established for VSP members. The intent is to ensure that patients are handled consistently and scheduled for appointments in a manner that recognizes the urgency of their eye care
 needs.
 Patents experiencing an eye care emergency should be seen immediately or referred to an appropriate alternative medical facility.
 Make every effort to see the patient at their scheduled appointment time. Patient wait time should not exceed 30 minutes.
 The site must have (or arrange for) a telephone triage, voicemail system, and/or answering service to provide routine, after-hours, and urgent/emergency eye care instructions, whenever
 office staff is unavailable to answer phone calls. Patients should receive a return call from this system for follow-up within a reasonable timeframe.
 Ensure a process is in place to follow up on missed and canceled appointments. Missed and/or canceled appointments and contact attempts must be documented in the patient medical
 record.
 General Appointment Availability Standards
 Routine Preventive Eye Care: Standard routine or preventive eye care scheduled within 30 calendar days.
 Medical Eye Care: Medical eye care scheduled within 7 days.
 Urgent Eye Care: If call is received during office hours, and the doctor determines the need of the member to be urgent, member should be seen within 24 hours.
 Emergency Eye Care: When emergency treatment is necessary the patient should be seen immediately or directed to the most appropriate emergency facility for care.
 Unscheduled Appointments: Evaluated (triaged) by a doctor to determine the severity of the condition and disposition of the patient. Patients who need to be seen immediately are to be
 accommodated.
 Specialty Referral: Scheduled within 14 calendar days from the time the primary care provider requests the referral.
 Check here for state exceptions to the above general appointment availability standards.
 If a patient is unable to obtain a timely referral, the patient may call VSP at 800.877.7195 or the Department of Managed Health Care at 888.466.2219 for further assistance.
 VSP network doctors are required, at a minimum, to have the following instrumentation necessary to provide eye care services at the comprehensive level, including and not limited to:
 Visual acuity testing charts and/or projector for distance and near Stereopsis test
 Phoropter or trial lenses Color vision test
 Keratometer and/or topographer Screening visual field
 Ophthalmoscope: direct and binocular indirect with appropriate condensing lenses Penlight
 Biomicroscopy with appropriate condensing lenses Cover test paddle
 Tonometer Blood pressure measuring device
 Lensometer Appropriate diagnostic pharmaceutical agents
 Equipment used to measure and assess patient health must be in proper working order and adequately maintained according to the manufacturer’s guidelines for the routine inspection,
 calibration, repair, and cleaning/sterilization of the equipment.
 Calibration, cleaning, and maintenance logs should be kept for all instruments and available for review.
 Use proper sterilization and decontamination of instrumentation and testing devices that come into contact with patients before each use. When possible, perform in front of the patient.
 Doctors and office staff are required to wash their hands, use single-use exam gloves, and/or use an alcohol-based hand cleanser before each patient. When possible, perform in front of the
 patient.
 Maintain diagnostic and/or therapeutic pharmaceutical agents in a secure location, according to the manufacturer’s storage guidelines.
 Contact lenses, contact lens solutions, therapeutic products, and pharmacological agents must be properly discarded on or before the manufacturer’s expiration date.
 ™
 ®
 Complaint forms, at least one telephone number for filing grievances, and a copy of the VSP complaint/grievance procedure must be available on-site and can be provided to patients
 promptly upon request.
 VSP Vision , VSP Vision Care , and VSP contracted providers comply with applicable Federal and applicable State civil rights laws and must not discriminate, exclude, deny benefits to, or treat
 people differently because of race, color, religion, national origin, age, disability, or sex (including sexual orientation and gender identity).
 Refer to the Complaints & Grievances section of the VSP Provider Reference Manual for additional information.
 Doctors and their office staff are responsible for ensuring clinical and non-clinical services are provided in a culturally competent manner and accessible to all patients.
 Network doctors must complete cultural competency training annually. Training must be current, documented, and available for review. VSP includes Cultural Competency training in the
 Training & Support section of VSPOnline.
 Interpreter services are made available in identified threshold languages specified for the site location.
Provide 24-hour access to interpreter services for all members, including non- or limited-English proficient (LEP) members, either through telephone language services or interpreters onsite.
 Interpreter services for the hearing impaired are made available at no cost to the member.
 Refer to the Patients’ Rights and Responsibilities section of the VSP Provider Reference Manual for additional information.
 VSP requires network doctors to maintain malpractice insurance coverage with defined coverage limits.
 All required professional licenses and certifications, must be current and issued from the appropriate agency for practice, and available onsite.
 Refer to the Insurance, Licensure, and Certification section of the VSP Provider Reference Manual for additional information.
 VSP requires medical records, including electronic health records (EHRs), to be maintained according to applicable state and federal laws and regulations.
 Maintain medical records and member information in a confidential, secured location that denies unauthorized access.
 Medical records should be easily retrieved by appropriate office personnel.
 Ensure storage and transmittal of EHRs preserve confidentiality and security and are compliant with state and federal guidelines.
 Medical records must be retained for a minimum of 10 years (42 CFR 438.3).
 Refer to the Medical Record Documentation section of the VSP Provider Reference Manual for additional information.
 VSP requires privacy and confidentiality be maintained for each patient and their health information according to applicable state and federal laws and regulations.
 Office personnel must regularly receive training on patient confidentiality. Training must be current, documented, and available for review.
 Patients have the right to privacy for examination and consultations.
 Protected Health Information (PHI) and Personal Identifiable Information (PII) must be securely maintained.
 Conduct patient interviews and personnel discussions in a manner that safeguards patient privacy and confidentiality.
 Ensure personal patient information is not discussed in front of other patients or visitors, displayed, or left unattended in reception and/or patient flow areas.
 Disclosure of patient PHI for purposes outside of treatment, payment, and healthcare operations requires patient permission.
 VSP requires pharmaceutical dispensing to be compliant with applicable state and federal laws and regulations. Pharmaceutical drugs may only be dispensed only by a physician or other
 persons lawfully authorized to dispense medications.
 VSP requires appropriate medication and pharmaceutical supplies storage and maintenance.
 For patient safety and risk management, medications should be secured and not left unattended in patient care areas.
 Prescription pads, medications, sample and over-the-counter drugs must be securely stored in a lockable space (cabinet or room) within the office/clinic to prevent unauthorized access.
 As a routine office procedure, with documented frequency and inspection, medications and other pharmaceutical supplies must be regularly checked for expiration.
 Expired medications and pharmaceutical supplies should be properly discarded on or before the manufacturer’s expiration date.
 VSP requires network doctors’ office and clinic site locations to be maintained in a safe, clean, and sanitary condition.
 Provide a patient waiting area with adequate lighting and office furnishings that are clean and in a good state of repair.
 The physical appearance of waiting and exam rooms, floors, carpets, walls, furniture, and restrooms should be clean and well-maintained.
 Provide a clean, properly working restroom, which includes toilet and hand washing facilities, and appropriate sanitary supplies (toilet paper, hand washing soap, paper towels, etc.) for patient
 use.
 As required by law, maintain a smoke and pet-free environment.
 Site must meet city, county, and state fire safety and prevention ordinances.
 Site must be adequately equipped with fully charged and operable portable fire extinguishers that are readily accessible to personnel. Annual inspection tags should be affixed to the
 extinguishers indicating the month and year that the extinguisher was professionally inspected.
 Office personnel must regularly receive safety training for 1) fire safety and prevention and 2) non-medical emergencies procedures (e.g., site evacuation, workplace violence). Training must be
 current, documented, and available for review.
 Ensure adequate lighting in patient flow working and walking areas such as corridors, walkways, waiting and exam rooms, and restrooms to allow for a safe path of travel.
 Exit doorways must be unobstructed and marked by a readily visible “Exit” sign.
 Post diagrammed emergency evacuation routes in a visible location at all elevators, stairs, and exits.
 List emergency phone numbers in an accessible location(s) that includes:
 Local emergency response services (e.g., fire, police/sheriff, ambulance).
 Emergency contacts (e.g., office managers, supervisors, etc.).
 Appropriate state, county, city, and local agencies (e.g., local poison control number).
 Adherence to infection control and prevention practices is essential to providing safe and quality patient care. VSP has adopted the recommendations of the Centers for Disease Control and
 Prevention (CDC) and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) as part of its network doctor office location standards. Use standard precautions to care for all patients across all
 settings where healthcare is delivered including:
 Hand Hygiene
 Ensure healthcare personnel perform hand hygiene with soap and water or use alcohol-based hand cleansers before contact with each patient.
 Ensure that supplies necessary for adherence to hand hygiene are readily accessible in all areas where patient care is being delivered.
 Contact Lens Care
 In accordance with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 
Clean contact lenses according to the manufacturer’s guidelines.
 contact lens information for eye care providers and public health professionals:
 1. Rub and rinse contact lenses with contact lens disinfecting solution according to manufacturer’s guidelines, including and not limited to multipurpose solutions and/or hydrogen peroxide
base systems.
 2. Use fresh cleaning or disinfecting solution each time lenses are cleaned and stored.
 3. Do not use saline solution or rewetting drops to disinfect lenses. Neither solution is an effective or approved disinfectant.
 Contact lens storage
 1. Contact lens cases should be rubbed and rinsed with sterile contact lens solution (not tap water), emptied, and left open to dry between each use.
 2. Replace used storage cases at least once every three months.
 Environmental Cleaning and Disinfection
 Clean and disinfect surfaces in the patient care environment and other frequently touched surfaces.
 Use proper sterilization and decontamination of instrumentation and testing devices that come into contact with patients before each use.
 Promptly clean and decontaminate spills of blood or other potentially infectious materials.
 Bloodborne Pathogens Standard
 In accordance with federal, state, and local regulations VSP follows the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) standards for bloodborne pathogens. The current OSHA
 Bloodborne Pathogen Standard (29 CFR 1910.1030) can be obtained from the OSHA Publications Office, 200 Constitution Avenue, N.W., Washington, DC 20210, or through the OSHA website
 (www.osha.gov).
 
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 81
 Patients’ Rights and Responsibilities
 We’re committed to mutually respectful relationships between patients and doctors. We expect these relationships will lead to effective healthcare while recognizing people are individuals who
 all have different needs. We explain our expectations and set up guidelines for cooperation between patients, doctors, and clients. Patients can find this information at vsp.com.
 Our patients have the right to receive services and information in their preferred language and they have the right to receive information about their rights. Our patients have the
 right to be treated with consideration, dignity, respect and to have VSP doctors:
 Provide complete information about their eye care and any proposed procedures and alternatives regardless of cost or benefit coverage.
 Allow patients to control decisions about their eye care treatment.
 Provide 24-hour access for ocular emergencies.
 Maintain privacy and confidentiality regarding their care.
 Make appropriate preventive health services available.
 Give prompt and reasonable responses to questions and requests.
 Provide information regarding their services and qualifications.
 Provide the VSP grievance procedures if there is dissatisfaction with services.
 Obtain input regarding services and assist them with any problems.
 Our patients have the responsibility to follow preventative eye care guidelines, and:
 Check the health care benefits and exclusions of their coverage.
 Establish and maintain a relationship with their primary eye care provider.
 Give eye care providers complete and accurate information needed in order to care for them.
 Notify eyecare provider if they are going to be late or need to reschedule an appointment.
 Know the cost (co-payment, deductible, co-insurance) of their care.
 Carry out the treatment plan agreed upon with their eye care provider or primary care physician.
 Know how to access urgent, emergency and out-of-area medical eye care services.
 Under the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, eye doctors and other health care providers are required under this federal law to provide American Sign Language (ASL) interpreter services,
 at no cost to the patient, to patients who need and request ASL interpreter services.
 If you or a member of your staff are ASL-fluent, you may, of course, communicate with hearing-impaired patients in that manner. If neither you nor a member of your staff have fluency in ASL,
 make arrangements for an ASL face-to-face interpreter to assist at no cost to the patient or to you. If you need help finding an ASL interpreter, you may contact VSP Customer Care
 at 800.615.1883.
 VSP provides Cultural Competency training on the Training & Support section of VSPOnline. Several resources addressing topics of interpretation services, better communication, health literacy
 and census information is available in addition to the training modules.
 VSP has implemented a Language Assistance Program (LAP) to provide linguistic services to enrollees who prefer to conduct their affairs in a language other than English including the availability
 of free interpreter services at the time of an appointment for patients who request them.
 Document Translation and Alternative Formats
 Members who prefer their VSP member materials in a language other than English can receive free translation of VSP member documents, including alternative formats such as Braille, large
 format and audio. You may contact VSP Customer Care at 800.615.1883 for more information.
 Interpretation
 VSP provides telephone interpretation services to any VSP member who prefers to communicate with VSP about their benefits in a language other than English, including TTY/TDD for those who
 are hearing impaired.
 VSP members who want to discuss their benefits in another language can call VSP at 800.877.7195 and indicate their language need. Members can also visit vsp.com to see a list of VSP practices
 where language(s) other than English are spoken.
 You are required to keep your office(s) language capabilities current so members know where they can receive services in languages other than English. We encourage you to review practice
 information quarterly on VSPOnline at eyefinity.com.
 Practices must keep in mind that family, friends, and minor children are considered untrained health interpreters. Using family, friends, and minor children poses a problem with patient privacy.
 In addition, family may impose their view of the patient and their health that can lead to less than the highest quality care desired. To request face-to-face interpretation services at no cost to you
 or your patient, contact VSP customer Care at 800.615.1883.
 Note: 
Oregon HB 2359 requires health care providers to utilize health care interpreters on the health care interpreter registry operated by Oregon Health Authority (OHA) to provide interpretation
 services.
 Note: 
If a patient insists that the provider or staff communicate with bilingual family or friends, document in the member patient record that the VSP member refuses interpreter services and/or uses
 friend or family to interpret.
 Documentation
 The following items should be documented in the patient's medical record and/or patient history form:
 Patient's preferred written and spoken language
 Refusal of interpreter (if applicable)
 Use of interpreter and who (family member, minor, friend, doctor, office staff, or trained professional interpreter)
 Patient requests to have interpretation services
 It is suggested to also document the patient's race and ethnicity with an option for the patient not disclose this information.
 Complaints and Grievances
 We make every attempt to resolve patient concerns quickly and to their satisfaction. Doctors are responsible for making sure their staff knows our complaint process and gives our
 complaint/grievance form to patients when they ask. You can find master copies of these forms on VSPOnline at eyefinity.com. The VSP Member Complaint/Grievance Formis available in
 Spanish, and Chinese.
VSP Members Privacy and Confidentiality
 VSP Members have a right to request confidential communications.
 VSP will provide Privacy and Confidentiality for all VSP Members including Victims of Violence and Endangered Individuals.
 VSP shall permit subscribers and enrollees to request, and shall accommodate requests for, confidential communication in the form and format requested by the individual, if it is readily
 producible in the requested form and format, or at alternative locations. The confidential communication request shall be valid until the subscriber or enrollee submits a revocation of the
 request or a new confidential communication request is submitted.Confidential communication request submitted on behalf of a minor will generally expire when the minor turns 18.
 Confidential communication request submitted on behalf of a minor will generally expire when the minor turns 18.
 The confidential communication request shall apply to all communications that disclose medical information or provider name and address related to receipt of medical services by the individual
 requesting the confidential communication.
 Without the express consent of the requestor, VSP shall not disclose to the policyholder or another insured covered under the policy: (1) the address, phone number, or any other personally
 identifying information of the covered individual or any child residing with the covered individual; (2) the nature of the health care services provided to the covered individual; (3) the name,
 address, and phone number of the provider of the covered health care services; or (4) any other information from which there is a reasonable basis to believe the foregoing information could be
 obtained.
 Inform the patient that they may request privacy and confidentiality by following these steps:
 1. Download the Request to Restrict Use and Disclosure of Protected Health Information Form here
 2. Print and complete the form
 3. Mail it to:
 VSP Privacy Office
 3333 Quality Drive, MS 16H
 Rancho Cordova, CA, 95670
 1. Fax to: 916.851.4851 or
 2. Email: HIPAA@vsp.com,or
 3. Call VSP at 800.877.7195if you require assistance in completing the form.
 VSP will implement Confidential Communication Requests within 7 days of receipt of an electronic request or within 14 calendar days of receipt by first-class mail.
 For more information on domestic violence services, refer patient to the National Domestic Violence Hotline at: 800.799.7233 or TTY 800.787.3224.
 Contact Information
 Refer patients to VSP at 800.877.7195 or vsp.com if they ask about their Protected Health Information in regard to:
 Restrictions on the use or disclosure of Protected Health Information
 Amendments to Protected Health Information
 Revoking authorizations
 Explaining use or disclosure of Protected Health Information
 Copies of Protected Health Information
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 82
 Provider Dispute Resolution Procedure
 (Updated November 13, 2024)
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 83
 Quality Assurance Program
 Our Quality Assurance (QA) program partners with you to deliver the highest quality eye care to VSP patients. The program also educates you and your staff about our QA policies and
 procedures. This program follows state and federal regulations and guidelines from accrediting organizations like the National Committee for Quality Assurance (NCQA).
 Note: 
Our Quality Assurance department protects patient records, confidentiality, and all proprietary information. For more information, refer to VSP’s Privacy Procedures.
 Medical record reviews involve an internal mail-in review or an on-site office review. QA requests only VSP patient records during these reviews. Electronic-record documentation is acceptable if
 f
 indings are included. We use clinical peer reviewers trained in our policies and procedures to assess and grade reviews.
 Patient medical records are submitted to VSP and reviewed by clinical peers who verify the exam and treatment for each patient follows established criteria and is properly documented.
 Medical record reviews have up to three levels and may occur at any time. Each level requires ten, randomly selected VSP patient records. The patient names are chosen from claims billed in
 your name. A patient record with a different doctor noted as the one who performed the exam will not be reviewed and may impact the result of your review.
 A peer reviewer accesses each record based on VSP’s exam and documentation standards and returns the results to the QA administrator who informs you of the review outcome. A QA contact
 name is provided and you may call at any time for clarification of the review results.
 Educational Review (Routine Review)
 The first review you’ll receive is a routine educational review. The review is assessed for a pass or non-pass and the results are communicated to you.
 If you pass this educational review, no follow up review or financial assessment will occur.
 A non-passing outcome will result in a First Formal review in approximately six months. This timeframe allows correction of the initial identified discrepancies.
 First Formal Review
 You will receive a First Formal review, requiring another ten VSP patient medical records, when you do not pass the prior educational review.
 If you pass this First Formal, no follow up review or financial assessment will occur.
 A non-passing outcome results in a financial assessment for each record with discrepancies at a maximum of $100.00. A Second Formal follow up review will occur in approximately six months.
 This timeframe allows the doctor to correct identified discrepancies.
 Second Formal Review
 You will receive a Second Formal review, requiring another ten VSP patient medical records, when you do not pass the prior First Formal review. This is the last review level to demonstrate you
 meet VSP’s exam and documentation standards.
 A $500.00 fee is assessed and collected at the time of the Second Formal review.
 If you pass this Second Formal, no other follow up review or additional financial assessment will occur.
 Non-passing outcomes, at a minimum, lead to higher financial assessments for records with discrepancies based on the doctor’s 12-month claim volume and may result in a recommendation for
 possible contract termination from our network.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 84
 Quality Management Program
 VSP has a comprehensive Quality Management (QM) and Quality Improvement (QI) Program that presents a framework for ensuring quality eye care for members accessing VSP’s doctors. The
 QM/QI Program Description defines the goals, scope, structure, function and other components for the QM/QI Program at VSP.
 Purpose
 VSP’s QM/QI Program ensures quality vision and eye health care to members accessing VSP’s doctors. The program is designed to objectively and systematically monitor and evaluate the quality
 and appropriateness of care and services. We strive to continuously pursue opportunities for improvement and problem resolution.
 Policy
 It is the policy of the organization to ensure:
 Compliance with VSP approved policies and procedures for the QM/QI process
 Adherence to guidelines, standards and criteria set by government, accrediting agencies, and other regulatory agencies as appropriate
 The QM/QI Program accommodates the contractual requirements and benefit design of each client/health plan
 Goals
 The goals of the QM/QI program include, but are not limited to, the following:
 To develop, implement and coordinate all activities that are designed to improve the processes by which care and services are delivered
 To provide tools, resources and training for staff involved in quality of care processes with clinician oversight and guidance
 To identify inappropriate practice patterns and opportunities to improve patient care
 To evaluate the effectiveness of implemented changes in order to continuously improve the quality of care and service provided by VSP and doctors to VSP customers (members, clients, and
 health plans)
 To ensure that there are documented mechanisms to evaluate the effects of the QM/QI Programs utilizing member and doctor satisfaction data
 To ensure that QM/QI policies and procedures are reviewed, revised and approved, as needed, by the QM Committee
 To utilize efficient and appropriate communication channels to deliver QM information to appropriate individuals
 To facilitate documentation, reporting and follow-up of Credentialing and QM/QI activities in order to facilitate excellence in vision care services and outcomes.
 Quality Improvement Process
 Overview
 The QI process includes documented policies and procedures utilized in monitoring, reviewing and improving care and services provided to VSP members by VSP doctors. VSP may use applicable
 provider data for quality improvement activities.
 Policy
 The QM/QI policy review occurs annually and is revised as needed. Procedural revisions and revisions with clinical impact are reviewed and approved by the QM Committee. VSP’s clients and
 regulatory agencies receive material revisions to the policy or procedures, as required.
 Patient Safety
 Patient safety is reviewed and addressed. Interventions are identified and implemented. Patient safety activities include, but are not limited to:
 Potential Quality of Care Complaints/Grievances
 Credentialing/Recredentialing
 QA Doctor Reviews
 Clinical Practice Guidelines / algorithms
 Member Surveys
 QI Work Plan
 The QI Work Plan is approved by the Board of Directors annually. Quarterly updates to the work plan reflect progress on QM/QI activities and are evaluated annually. The QM Committee reviews
 the updates and evaluations before forwarding to the Board of Directors.
 Improvement Activities
 Development, implementation and review activities include, but are not limited to the following:
 Potential Quality of Care Complaints and Grievances
 Doctor Trends
 Complaint type trends
 Credentialing/Recredentialing and Professional Review
 Doctor Improvement Action Plan
 Member, Client and VSP Doctor Satisfaction
 QA Report/Evaluations
 QA Doctor Reviews
 Company Satisfaction Survey Results
 Risk Management
 Clinical Practice Guidelines and Algorithms
 Assessment of New Technology
 Benefit Utilization
 Identification of outlier practice patterns that may identify under or over utilization
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 85
 Reimbursement
 Reimbursement - California (CA)
 ®
 ® 
For the VSP Signature Plan and VSP Choice Plan we reimburse doctors according to a unique fee payment methodology. Our goal is to pay doctors as fairly as we can while, at the same time,
 provide an eyecare plan to clients at a competitive price.
 ®
 ®
 We reimburse you for providing VSP Signature Plan and VSP Choice Plan exams (diagnostic services) and lens and frame dispensing services. Refer to the VSP Signature Plan in the Plans and
 Coverages section for more information.
 (CA)
 ®
 ® 
For the VSP Signature Plan and VSP Choice Plan we reimburse doctors according to a unique fee payment methodology. Our goal is to pay doctors as fairly as we can while, at the same time,
 provide an eyecare plan to clients at a competitive price.
 ®
 ®
 We reimburse you for providing VSP Signature Plan and VSP Choice Plan exams (diagnostic services) and lens and frame dispensing services. Refer to the VSP Signature Plan in the Plans and
 Coverages section for more information.
 Doctors’ usual and customary (U&C) fees are first filed with VSP during the credentialing process. VSP uses this information to determine each doctor’s payable fees for providing services to VSP
 patients.
 (CA)
 Doctors’ usual and customary (U&C) fees are first filed with VSP during the credentialing process. VSP uses this information to determine each doctor’s payable fees for providing services to VSP
 patients.
 Assigned Fee Reports (AFRs) reflect the doctor-submitted U&Cs and VSP-determined payable amounts for exams, basic lens, and frame services based on VSP Plan type. Access your Assigned
 Fee Report for your practice on VSPOnline at eyefinity.com by clicking the View Fees link under Practice/Doctor Updates in the Administration area.
 Signature Network
 Your VSP Signature Plan reimbursement schedule is contained in your Assigned Fee Report on VSPOnline.
 Choice Network
 Your VSP Choice Plan reimbursement schedule is contained in your Assigned Fee Report on VSPOnline.
 Other Networks
 Our VSP Enhanced Advantage, VSP Advantage and Medicaid Plans have fee schedules for each state. View fee schedules for plans you participate with by accessing your Assigned Fee Report
 on VSPOnline. You may also view the Medicaid fee schedule by accessing the Medicaid Manual on VSPOnline.
 (CA)
 Assigned Fee Reports (AFRs) reflect the doctor-submitted U&Cs and VSP-determined payable amounts for exams, basic lens, and frame services based on the VSP plan type. Access your
 Assigned Fee Report for your practice on VSPOnline at eyefinity.com by clicking the View Fees link under Practice/Doctor Updates in the Administration area.
 Signature Network
 Your VSP Signature Plan reimbursement schedule is contained in your Assigned Fee Report on VSPOnline. 
Choice Network
 Your VSP Choice Plan reimbursement schedule is contained in your Assigned Fee Report on VSPOnline. 
Other Networks
 Our VSP Enhanced Advantage, VSP Advantage and Medicaid Plans have fee schedules for each state. View fee schedules for plans you participate with by accessing your Assigned Fee Report on
 VSPOnline. You may also view the Medicaid fee schedule by accessing the Medicaid Manual on VSPOnline.
 Our Board of Directors establishes maximum amounts that can be reimbursed for exams and for lens and frame services by geographic region. The board reviews these confidential amounts
 when applicable.
 (CA)
 Our Board of Directors establishes maximum amounts for exams and for lens and frame services by geographic payment region. The board reviews these confidential amounts when applicable.
 You will receive your bifocal dispensing fee PLUS a service fee for progressive lenses. If covered by the member's plan, both the bifocal dispensing and applicable service fee are paid by VSP. For
 non-covered progressives, see Lens Enhancements Chart for information on patient charges.
 (CA)
 You will receive your bifocal dispensing fee PLUS a service fee for progressive lenses. If covered by the member's plan, both the bifocal dispensing and applicable service fee are paid by VSP. For
 non-covered progressives, see Lens Enhancements Chart for information on patient charges.
 We deposit payment to your bank account via Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT) following your state’s established pay schedule and include payment for claims turned in and received during
 specified pay periods. An Explanation of Payments (EOP) itemizing the claims paid with checks and post statements is available to view on VSPOnline. As a best practice, you are encouraged to
 deposit checks within 14 days of the date the check was written.
 Important! 
All VSP payments will be made by EFT, also known as direct deposit. Network doctors must be enrolled in order to receive payment. Doctors can enroll their practice online or by contacting
 Customer Service at 800.615.1883.
 Our payment schedule includes cutoff dates. Claims must be processed by these dates for them to be paid on your next check. Cutoffs usually fall five to 10 days before the last day of the
 payment period. We can’t guarantee internal processing time, but claims turned in at least five working days before the cutoff usually are paid on the upcoming check.
 (CA)
 VSP will reimburse covered services provided via telehealth on the same basis and to the same extent as covered services delivered in-person.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 86
 Services Subject to Review/Audit
 All of Network Doctor’s performance data, services and materials provided to VSP Patients, and claims submitted to VSP, are subject to review and audit. Upon request, and at their own expense,
 a Network Doctor must furnish patient records, in the time frame requested, to VSP or any or all Enrollees for whom claims have been submitted to VSP for payment. Network Doctor shall fully
 cooperate with any VSP review or audit activity, including, without limitation, in-office audits and inspections, business audits, special investigation audits, medical record reviews and all similar
 VSP investigative or quality assurance efforts. For quality and authentication purposes, Network Doctor understands and agrees that some audits may be unannounced. Network Doctor shall
 not refuse to permit an audit because an audit was not announced in advance, may be disruptive or for any other reason. Should Network Doctor refuse to permit an audit for any reason,
 Network Doctor may be subject to termination for failure to comply with the Network Doctor Agreement and/or restitution in an amount to be determined by VSP. Network Doctor agrees to
 cooperate with, abide by, and adhere to, all rulings of any VSP quality assurance or peer review committee. All records, data and information acquired by or prepared for any VSP quality
 assurance or peer review committee shall be held in confidence, except to the extent necessary to carry out the purposes of such review activities, and shall not be subject to subpoena or
 discovery, except as may be required by law or as otherwise required in the Agreement.
 The confidentiality requirements set forth above, shall survive the expiration or termination of the Network Doctor Agreement Network Doctor further agrees that upon request, Network Doctor
 will timely furnish case records to VSP of any or all Enrollees for whom claims have been submitted, and that VSP may use any information so obtained for statistical, actuarial, scientific, peer
 review or other reasonable purposes, including applicable state and federal law requirements, provided that no professional confidence shall be breached thereby. Network Doctor also agrees
 that utilization and claims information may be released to MCOs and peer review groups. The confidentiality of VSP Patient medical information shall not be compromised. Network Doctor shall
 reimburse VSP in a timely manner for its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses and costs incurred in audit(s)/inspection(s) resulting in restitution due to improper billing. These costs shall include
 the reasonable market value of the time spent by VSP's Special Investigative Unit or Provider Quality Auditors for travel to and from the practice being audited, for recovery of necessary records,
 to conduct the audit, and the reasonable market value of the time spent to review and finalize the audit results.
 While VSP encourages the use of the Well Vision Savings Statement to show VSP’s value to the patient, it does not constitute an acceptable financial record for audit purposes. In accordance with
 VSP policy, all financial records must be itemized for the services and/or materials provided to the patient, regardless of whether the patient incurred any out-of-pocket expenses. The financial
 record keeping should include the appropriate CPT/HCPC codes and descriptions, quantities, and the amounts billed to and paid by the patient and insurers (including coordination of benefits).
 CONTACT LENSES
 Itemized financial records must be kept for all VSP patients and must include the following for visually necessary, covered and elective contact lenses:
 Patient name
 Date of service
 CL brand
 Type
 Quantity and date dispensed
 U&C cost for services (fitting and evaluation)
 U&C cost for materials
 Amount billed to insurance
 Amount paid by the patient
 Method of payment
 Material manufacture invoice(s) or indication of dispensing from stock
 Under the Visually Necessary Contact Lens plan benefit, the patient is only charged the appropriate copayment, but you must still keep itemized records as noted above.
 When billing VSP for contact lenses, you must keep a list of U&C fees and costs for services and materials for reference. This must be shown and a copy provided to any VSP Representative upon
 request.
 GLASSES
 Itemized financial records must be kept for all VSP patients and must include the following for glasses:
 Patient name
 Date of service
 Lens type
 Lens options
 Frame make, model and retail cost
 Frame invoices with acquisition costs
 Date dispensed
 Amount billed to insurance
 Amount paid by the patient
 Method of payment
 Material order(s) and lab invoice(s)
 Failure to keep and provide itemized records for any services or materials rendered may result in the denial of payment for billed services and materials.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 87
 Submitting Patient Conditions Requirement
 As a health-focused vision care company, VSP places an emphasis on early detection of chronic conditions through an eye exam. Your medical findings are then integrated in a HIPAA-compliant
 manner with the healthcare system to provide holistic care to patients.
 Doctors are required to submit patient conditions through eClaim on eyefinity.com, practice management software or paper claims. Patient condition submission is monitored as part of the
 Quality Assurance (QA) Program and results are provided in the QA Review Summary. Outcomes identifying the need for improvement will require the doctor’s acknowledgement of the results
 and an improvement action plan.
 When you submit patient conditions, VSP can demonstrate to clients, health plans, and disease management companies the full scope of services you provide and reinforce the role of vision
 care as a key component of overall health care. We see the value resonate in the form of new and renewed contracts, which bring more VSP members to your practice. VSP also helps health
 plans increase their HEDIS and Star quality ratings by reporting annual eye exams received by patients with diabetes. Additionally, VSP uses this information to direct patients with diabetes and
 prediabetes back to your office if they have not received an eye exam in 14 months.
 Note: 
More information on HEDIS and Star quality ratings can be found in Quality Measures.
 Promotes and quantifies optometry’s participation in medical care.
 Helps facilitate medical care for your patients.
 Brings patients into your office and helps keep them there.
 Provides opportunity for your practice to earn additional revenue.
 VSP offers patient condition payment* when you include diagnosis codes for patients with chronic conditions. For each patient identified, you can earn:
 $5 for reporting diabetes and/or diabetic retinopathy.**
 $2 for reporting hypertension and/or high cholesterol.
 Note: 
Payment won’t exceed $5 and isn’t cumulative. If a $5 condition and a $2 condition are checked, then $5 is paid. If two $2 conditions are checked, $2 is paid. The patient’s medical record must
 indicate any condition submitted on a claim.
 ®
 ®
 SM
 *Patient condition payments only apply to VSP Signature Plan , VSP Choice Plan , and VSP Advantage Plan claims billed with one of the following exam codes: 92002, 92004, 92012, 92014,
 S0620 or S0621 and one or more patient condition.
 ®
 **To earn the $5 patient condition payment, VSP WellVision Exam claims must indicate the patient has diabetes or diabetic retinopathy via the patient condition checkbox in eClaim on
 eyefinity.com or include the appropriate diagnosis code, AND include the appropriate diabetic eye exam CPT Category II code.
 When submitting a claim, check the appropriate box(es) on eClaim and/or enter diagnosis codes for the patient’s conditions. This includes diabetes, diabetic retinopathy, hypertension high
 cholesterol, and patients at risk of prediabetes. Additional conditions like glaucoma and age-related macular degeneration can be noted using diagnosis codes.
 When indicating diabetes or diabetic retinopathy on a claim, include the appropriate diabetic eye exam CPT Category II code.
 Refer to the following section for more information on submitting patient conditions including the eClaim process and applicable diagnosis codes.
 Eligibility and Authorization
 Submitting Claims/Timelines
 Patient Education
 Patient education resources are available to you on VSPOnline. Under Administration select Submitting Patient Conditions and then click on the Resources tab. Use this information to
 educate your patients and demonstrate that your role in their care may include more than an annual eye exam.
 The patient’s chief complaint or presenting symptoms determines the primary diagnosis on the claim. If the primary diagnosis is a medical eye condition, and you participate on the patient’s
 medical insurance panel, you may bill their medical insurance as primary and coordinate benefits with VSP as secondary. Some major medical plans cover routine annual eye exams, or an exam
 for patients with conditions such as diabetes, regardless of whether they present with medical symptoms. If the medical plan is going to be billed, it is extremely important to explain this
 to the patient.
 If the patient has no medical chief complaint and the medical plan does not cover routine/annual eye exams, bill VSP.
 Note: 
Proper documentation of the patient’s chief complaint, medical condition(s), related eye symptoms, and high-risk medications should all be recorded in the presenting reasons for the patient’s
 visit.
 For further details, refer to VSP’s COB guidelines.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 88
 VSP's Privacy Commitment
 All VSP employees, upon employment, get privacy and security training and agree to abide by our “Confidentiality of Information” policy. Our policy explains the importance of protecting the
 confidentiality of medical records, personal information, insurance claims and other materials. Violating this policy can lead to disciplinary action up to and including termination.
 Medical Directors, Optometry Directors, Clinical Consultants, and Clinical Committee Members also get Privacy and Security training. They must sign a Conflict of Interest and Confidentiality
 Statement.
 Any patient specific or Protected Health Information is confidential. This information is shared only with people who have a need to know and authority to get such information, as explained
 above.
 We’ll only use and disclose patient Protected Health Information when needed to coordinate vision care treatment, to disclose information to the patient’s employer/plan sponsor to the extent
 permitted by law, for payment and healthcare operations, or as required or permitted by law.
 Our legal department reviews any court order or subpoena for disclosure of confidential information to determine the order’s legitimacy, the reason for disclosure, and limitations on
 information disclosed.
 All patient information is stored for the amount of time required by law and company policy in locked files accessible only for the above reasons.
 System stored patient information is protected by system security measures block unauthorized access. We’ve also implemented security policies and procedures required by HIPAA. We
 currently employ industry-standard, system-security measures to protect electronically stored and transmitted information.
 Our network doctors’ offices must maintain confidentiality and guard patients’ Protected Health Information against loss, defacement, tampering, or use by unauthorized people. The contracted
 doctor’s office must maintain a policy of confidentiality for patient medical record information.
 If we uncover a confidentiality violation by a network doctor, either through an onsite visit or a complaint/grievance, our Quality Assurance Committee and our staff determine steps needed to
 restore confidentiality. We consult our Human Resources department if one of our employees was involved in violating confidentiality.
 Our Notice of Privacy Practices will be provided to any member, client, or network doctor on request
 We respect the privacy of our website users. We don’t collect personal information from anyone who simply visits our website.
 Patients who enter personal information should know all communication between their computers and our Web servers is encrypted using secured server technology (SSL). Our secure server
 software is the industry standard and among the best software available today for secure transactions.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 89
 VSP’s Fraud, Waste and Abuse Policy
 VSP considers insurance fraud and abuse as professionally unacceptable and criminal behavior and takes every precaution to ensure such activities are detected, eliminated, and referred to
 appropriate governmental authorities. VSP will vigorously pursue all fraudulent and abusive activities and supports all efforts to combat such practices by enforcing the following measures
 concerning, but not limited to, the health care provider, contract laboratories, VSP employees, clients, agents, and patients.
 The components of our Fraud, Waste and Abuse Business Plan are:
 The Fraud, Waste and Abuse Policy
 Education
 Prevention and Internal Controls
 Detection
 Investigation
 Sanctions and Disciplinary Action
 Full Cooperation with Law Enforcement and Regulatory Authorities
 Reporting
 Applicable Regulations and Laws
 VSP recognizes that the best defense against becoming a victim of fraudulent or abusive behavior is an educated work force capable of preventing, detecting and eliminating such activities. VSP
 is dedicated to providing appropriate education and training in this area. Company-wide training of all employees will cover the following topics:
 VSP's Fraud and Abuse Policy
 The true costs of insurance fraud and how it directly affects them
 Definition of what constitutes fraud and abuse, including money laundering
 Indicators of fraudulent and abusive activities
 Reporting of suspected fraud and abuse
 Roles and responsibilities of the Special Investigative Unit (SIU)
 Responsibilities of each employee in reporting suspected or known fraudulent or abusive activities
 Education and training for providers, contract laboratories, clients, agents, and patients concerning fraud and abuse will consist of:
 Definition of what constitutes fraud and abuse
 Indicators of fraudulent and abusive activities
 Repercussions of fraud and abuse
 Reporting of suspected fraud and abuse
 VSP will maintain a comprehensive system of internal controls designed to prevent and detect occurrences of fraud and abuse. The system of internal controls will consist of:
 An organizational structure which segregates functions of claims processing, claims recording, and claims payment as well as maintenance of patient and provider membership tables and
 provider and laboratory fee tables
 Procedures incorporated into the manual work flow to maximize the probability that questionable claims will be identified and investigated
 System checks that identify all claims which meet pre-set indicators and criteria that are known to be outside the norm of our industry standards and services
 Provider peer review processes and procedures
 Internal claim audits of a statistically valid sampling
 A system of supervisor accountability for the review and approval of their unit’s actions
 Well-trained personnel are able to routinely spot indicators of fraud and abuse. VSP’s SIU will coordinate all information received and lead any investigations regarding the detection and
 reporting of fraudulent and abusive activities.
 Detection of fraud or abuse can come from the following areas:
 Claims Processors
 All claims processors will be familiar with the indicators of fraud and abuse
 Suspicious claims will be reviewed to determine if any misrepresentation has occurred
 Pertinent information will be documented
 Any fraudulent or abusive claim submissions will be forwarded to the SIU for appropriate action
 Claims Auditors
 The claims auditors will continuously review reimbursement claims received during the normal course of daily audits with the purpose of identifying fraud and abuse
 The claims auditors will be made available to perform special reviews of any situation where fraud or abuse is suspected
 Customer Care Representatives
 All customer care representatives will be familiar with the indicators of fraud and abuse
 Calls concerning provider fraud and abuse will be documented and the information forwarded to the SIU.
 All non-provider calls concerning fraud and abuse will be documented and the information forwarded to the SIU.
 Quality Management Specialists
 All quality management specialists will be familiar with the indicators of fraud and abuse.
 Any potential fraud or abuse issues that are identified during a quality assurance review will be forwarded directly to the SIU.
 SIU
 The SIU will routinely run reports against our claims systems to identify activities that are uncharacteristic of our industry.
 Abnormal utilization patterns will be researched and appropriate action taken.
 Hotline
 An Anti-Fraud Hotline has been made available for all parties (providers, contract laboratories, employees, clients, agents, and patients) to report any suspected fraud or abuse.
 The toll-free number is 800.877.7236.
 All cases of suspected fraudulent or abusive activities employed/practiced by providers, contract laboratories, VSP employees, agents, clients, or patients will be fully investigated with the
 involvement of the SIU and VSP Legal Counsel as needed. The following items will be considered to be a part of the investigation:
 Information gathering
 Claim validity
 Scope of the investigation
Ability to prosecute
 Ability to recover monies owed
 On-site or desk level investigations conducted by VSP personnel
 Use of outside investigators and experts
 All cases of suspected fraudulent or abusive activities employed/practiced by providers, contract laboratories, VSP employees, agents, clients, or patients will be fully investigated with the
 involvement of the SIU and VSP Legal Counsel as needed. The following items will be considered to be a part of the investigation:
 Information gathering
 Claim validity
 Scope of the investigation
 Ability to prosecute
 Ability to recover monies owed
 On-site or desk level investigations conducted by VSP personnel
 Use of outside investigators and experts
 Fraudulent and/or abusive billing practices could result, without limitation, in the following sanctions and/or disciplinary actions:
 Providers—suspension or removal from the VSP doctor network, assessment and collection of restitution, assessment and collection of reasonable audit costs and expenses, referral to the
 appropriate state’s governing Board of Optometry, Board of Ophthalmology, or Medical Boards, referral to the appropriate state’s law enforcement or other government agency(ies) and
 reporting to the National Practitioner Data Bank and/or other appropriate data reporting agency
 Contract Laboratories—suspension or removal from the approved listing of VSP laboratories and restitution collected
 VSP employees—termination and restitution collected
 Agents—suspension or removal as VSP agent, restitution collected, and referral to the appropriate state’s governing Insurance Department
 Upon the expiration or termination of the VSP Network Doctor Agreement, a doctor will no longer be or be considered a VSP Network Doctor. From the date of expiration or termination onward,
 unless the parties otherwise agree in a separate writing, the doctor, in any capacity, unless prohibited or limited by law, will: (a) no longer directly or indirectly submit any VSP patient claims for
 reimbursement to VSP for any purpose, (b) directly or indirectly advertise or indicate in any manner or in any way that he/she is a VSP Network Doctor, affiliated with or authorized by VSP and/or
 a VSP out of network provider, or any variation thereof, (c) act as, or hold himself/herself out to the public to be, a VSP Network Doctor and/or a VSP out of network provider, or any variation
 thereof and/or (d) submit any VSP patient claims for reimbursement to VSP as an out of network provider. The doctor will promptly advise all VSP patients that as of the date of expiration or
 termination, he/she no longer is a participant on the VSP doctor network. The doctor shall not issue/make any disparaging, slanderous and/or libelous remarks regarding/concerning VSP and its
 business to any VSP client, VSP patient and/or any third party for any reason whatsoever.
 In cases where sufficient evidence is gathered to indicate that fraudulent activity has in fact occurred, VSP's Corporate Legal Counsel will coordinate actions with law enforcement agencies as well
 as be prepared to initiate civil litigation in furtherance of all anti-fraud objectives. VSP will cooperate fully with all law enforcement agencies in the subsequent prosecution of fraudulent activities.
 The SIU will collect data and maintain documentation of investigations to provide support for Company actions. Cases under review or turned over to law enforcement for prosecution will be
 documented and reported to the Corporate Compliance Officer quarterly. The Corporate Compliance Officer will report the quarterly results to the Finance Committee of the Board. To meet
 standards of compliance, the SIU will report to states and requesting clients as required. The Company will also evaluate the effectiveness of its anti-fraud and abuse efforts on an annual basis.
 The SIU will collect data and maintain documentation of investigations to provide support for Company actions. Cases under review or turned over to law enforcement for prosecution will be
 documented and reported to the Corporate Compliance Officer quarterly. The Corporate Compliance Officer will report the quarterly results to the Finance Committee of the Board. To meet
 standards of compliance, the SIU will report to states and requesting clients as required. The Company will also evaluate the effectiveness of its anti-fraud and abuse efforts on an annual basis.
 VSP helps administer many Federal and State healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid that apply the following laws and regulations:
 Anti-Kickback Statute
 Prohibits anyone from knowingly and willfully soliciting or receiving anything of value in return for referring healthcare goods or services for which payment may be made in whole or in part
 under a federal health care program. The penalties are severe. If a person or entity is found guilty of violating the statute, a fine of up to $25,000 or imprisonment of up to five years may be
 imposed.
 Certain provider activities are “safe harbors” that are outlined in the law.
 In addition to the Federal Anti-Kickback Statute, many states have adopted state anti-kickback statutes. Many of these statutes have the same elements and penalties as the Federal Anti
Kickback Statue.
 Federal Physician Self-Referral
 Prohibits a physician (or immediate family member) who has a financial relationship with an entity from making a referral to that entity for furnishing a designated health service (DHS) for which
 Medicare or Medicaid would otherwise pay. Congress provided for a number of exceptions to this prohibition and gave CMS the authority to create additional exceptions.
 Federal False Claim Act
 Federal False Claim Act prohibits any individual or business from submitting, or causing someone else to submit, to the government a false or fraudulent claim payment. These false claims acts
 apply to all types of goods, services and government contracting, and have been particularly effective in combating healthcare fraud. The fines for filing a false claim includes up to three times
 the government damage plus $5,500 to $11,000 per false claim.
 In addition to the Federal False Claim Act, many states have adopted state false claim statutes. Many of these statutes have the same elements and penalties as the Federal False Claim Act.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 90
 ®
 Use of The VSP Name and Logo
 According to either the Network Doctor Agreement on file with VSP, or the Limited License Agreement entered into between you and VSP, VSP granted you a nonexclusive, nontransferable,
 limited and revocable license to only use the mark “VSP” and the registered VSP logo(s) in accordance with the guidelines set forth in this PRM, and in connection with, the your activities in
 providing eyecare services and materials (“Limited License”.) This Limited License is only valid upon VSP’s receipt of a Network Doctor Agreement signed by you and upon VSP’s final credentialing
 approval of you.
 ®
 You can use the registered service mark “VSP ” and our registered logo (the “VSP Marks”) as long as you have a valid Network Doctor Agreement and/or Limited License Agreement with VSP.
 The Limited License granted to you permits you to use the VSP Marks for advertising inside your office or on your website. Use on social media or external advertising in any form requires VSP’s
 consent. You may not use the VSP Marks on any permanent exterior signage.
 Download one from VSPOnline at eyefinity.com.
 Follow these guidelines to ensure you stay in compliance with other VSP specifications, policies, and applicable approvals.
 Smaller Ads and Promotions
 These types of ads and promotions do not require VSP review and pre-approval before they run:
 ®
 Business cards or letterhead (only if promoting “VSP members welcome”)
 Value or promotional pack discount mailings
 In-office supplies (e.g., posters, brochures)
 Print and online ads (e.g., Yellow Pages, newspaper, practice website)
 Marketing and promotional materials (e.g., reminders and referral mailings, newsletters)
 Larger, Mass Media Ads, and Promotions
 Larger signs, ads or promotions require VSP approval before installation or being made visible to the public. Complete an Ad Approval Request form and submit it to VSP with the plans and
 specifications of your sign or ad.
 ® 
Always include the symbol on the first reference to VSP in text, showing that it’s a registered service mark. For example:
 ®
 ®
 ®
 VSP members welcome
 VSP network provider
 VSP Vision Care
 Important! 
All VSP payments will be made by EFT, also known as direct deposit. Network doctors must be enrolled in order to receive payment. Doctors can enroll their practice online or by contacting
 Customer Service at 800.615.1883.
 Only use the full-color, all-white, or all-black logo provided.
 On color paper, use only the all-white or all-black logo. For Yellow Pages and newspaper advertisements, use the all-black logo only.
 Don’t duplicate the logo stock typefaces or modify the logo in any way.
 The logo and all text within the logo, including the “Vision care for life” tagline, must be legible.
 When using the VSP logo on your website, you can link it to vsp.com.
 When using the logo in your print or online materials, you can proportionately resize it, but it can’t be any smaller than one-half inch in height.
 The space around the logo should be free from other graphics or messages.
 The minimum clear space around the logo must be equal to the height of the “p” in VSP.
 Always consult your designer/printer to ensure correct formatting.
 Don’t include the VSP logo on any sign that includes anything other than the doctor’s name and or name of the optometry practice.
 Don’t use the VSP logo with slogans, messages, pricing, or written statements or promises.
 Don’t use the VSP name or logo in advertisements that contain any statement of price or offer of discounts (e.g., $25% off, “free sunglasses with any purchase,” or “two pairs of glasses for the
 price of one.”)
 Don’t send mail to employees of a VSP client.
 Don’t use the term “Vision Service Plan” or other VSP trademarked assets. You may only use VSP or VSP Vision Care when referring to your network participation.
 Don’t use the VSP name and/or logo more than twice in a single media (e.g., the same advertisement, newsletter article, mailing, etc.)
 Don’t refer to clients contracted with VSP (e.g., “Employees of ABC Inc. are accepted here.”)
 The marks “VSP,” “Vision Service Plan,” “Vision Care for Life”, “VSP Vision Care” our registered logos and other VSP trademarked assets (the “VSP Marks”) are registered or common law marks
 owned by VSP. Unauthorized use of VSP Marks may violate your Agreement with VSP.
 Violation of your signed Agreement could result in monetary penalties, the revocation of your license agreement and/or VSP terminating its contract with you.
 If your contract with VSP is terminated, you must immediately remove all references to your VSP network participation.
 For questions or more information, please call 800.615.1883 or email: providernetworkdevelopment@vsp.com.
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 91
 VSP Savings Statement
 It is recommended that VSP doctors use the VSP Savings Statement with VSP patients. Studies show patients are more satisfied when they get a statement during an office visit.
 Note: 
You may use your own version of a savings statement (i.e., OfficeMate’s patient fee slip); provided it contains similar information to the VSP Savings Statement reinforcing the value the patient
 receives from their coverage.
 ®
 An automated version of the VSP Savings Statement is available when doctors submit a patient’s claim through the Eyefinity eClaim system. The statement is automatically completed based on
 a patient’s claim information entered into eClaim and is available through the Report Window on eyefinity.com.
 To help offices use the automated VSP Savings Statement, we’ve also implemented several new requirements:
 A patient signature is no longer required on the statement.
 If you dispense contact lenses or glasses, the automated statement can be provided when a patient picks up materials.
 Doctors don’t need to keep a copy of patients’ completed statements.
 If patients don’t order materials, please give them VSP Savings Statements during the office visit.
 Doctors can get blank copies of the statement in the “Tools and Forms” section or under “Working with VSP” on VSPOnline at eyefinity.com. Doctors may give a paper copy to patients if they
 choose.
 You can show you gave a savings statement by choosing the right check box when submitting claims through Eyefinity’s eClaim system.
 At this time, patients in the following plans and programs shouldn’t get savings statements:
 Medicaid and SCHIPS
 VSP Primary EyeCare Plan
 SM
 SM
 VSP Diabetic Eyecare Plus Program
 VSP Laser VisionCare
 Vision Therapy
 Repair
 SM
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 92
 VSP Electronic Funds Transfer and Explanation of Payment Policies
 All VSP network doctors must be enrolled in Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT), also known as direct deposit. Doctors can enroll their practice online or call 800.615.1883.
 Printed Explanation of Payment (EOP) documents will not be mailed. EOPs are accessible through eyefinity.com. Call 800.615.1883 for assistance accessing your online EOP.
Resources
 10
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2025
 Page 93
Glossary
 Acute EyeCare A VSP product covering patients who need urgent care.
 Administrative
 Simplification
 Administrative Simplification, or Title II of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA), will standardize specific electronic transactions used in the healthcare industry.
 This requires protecting patient privacy and ensuring the security, integrity and authenticity of health information.
 Algorithm In this context, a step-by-step description of the suggested procedure for monitoring and/or treating certain conditions. Algorithms are intended to provide guidance only; they never
 replace a doctor’s professional judgment.
 Allowance The maximum amount, in dollars, we will pay toward a certain service.
 Authorization The process of making sure a patient’s eyecare may be covered by VSP. Authorization doesn’t guarantee payment for a service.
 Benefit In this context, the type and amount of coverage for a service.
 Birthday Rule A way to determine the primary vision plan for dependent children covered by more than one plan. In this case, the primary plan is the one held by the parent whose birthday comes
 first in the calendar year.
 Claim A healthcare provider’s request to a health plan for payment and the necessary accompanying information.
 CMS-1500 Formerly HCFA-1500. A federally approved claim form used to record the patient’s condition and bill for services rendered.
 Coordination of Benefits Also called COB. The process of coordinating multiple plans for a single patient visit.
 Contract Lab An optical lab that has signed a contract with us to make lenses for our patients.
 Copay Payment collected from a patient before services are given. Copays vary between plans, clients and levels of coverage.
 Coverage A term showing that the cost of a certain service provided to a patient will be reimbursed by us in part or in full.
 CPT Code “Current Procedural Technology Code.” An identifying code and descriptive term used to report services and procedures.
 Credentialing The process of ensuring our doctors meet standards including current licensing and board certification, as applicable.
 CVC Video Display Terminal. This term is used mainly when talking about our Computer VisionCare plan.
 Diabetic Eyecare Program A VSP product that provides medical eyecare services for patients with Type 1 diabetes.
 Dispensing The process of providing materials, such as lenses, frames and contact lenses to patients.
 Eligibility Whether a patient can get VSP benefits.
 Encounter Data Detailed patient demographic, health and health insurance information collected from a CMS-1500 claim form.
 Fee-For-Service Plan (FFS) Health coverage in which doctors and other providers receive a fee for each service such as an office visit, test, procedure or other healthcare service. The plan will either pay the
 medical provider directly or reimburse the patient for covered services after the patient has paid the bill and filed an insurance claim. Patients can get medical care from doctors they
 choose.
 First-Time Redo The one-time remaking of a lens that falls within our first-time redo policy.
 Frame Overage The dollar amount patients must pay when they choose a frame whose cost exceeds both the patient’s wholesale and retail frame allowance.
 Gender Rule A way to designate a primary vision plan for dependent children covered by more than one vision plan. In this case, the father usually holds the primary plan.
 Half-Pair Lens
 enhancement
 Typically refers to a patient lens enhancement when the doctor or patient requests the enhancement on only one lens, rather than a pair of prescription lenses.
 HCPCS HCFA's Common Procedure-Coding System. A list of descriptive terms and identifying codes for reporting medical services given by healthcare providers.
 Health Maintenance
 Organization (HMO)
 A type of health plan that provides care through a network of doctors in particular geographic or service areas. HMOs coordinate the healthcare services patients receive.
 HEDIS Healthcare Effectiveness Data and Information Set. A set of standardized measures designed to assess health plan performance.
 HIPAA The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) is federal legislation intended to improve the portability and continuity of health benefits, to ensure greater
 accountability for healthcare fraud and to simplify administering health insurance.
 Independent Lab An optical lab not under contract with us.
 Interim Benefit A supplemental benefit (offered by some VSP clients) that covers services before the patient’s next eligibility date. Interim benefits particularly apply when there are significant changes
 in the patient’s prescription.
 IVR Interactive Voice Response. This is our automated system allowing doctors to access patient eligibility and coverage by phone.
 Laser VisionCare A VSP eyecare plan offering coverage for laser procedures.
 Lens Enhancements Cosmetic lens features or enhancements. Patients pay the Patient Copay unless their plans cover that enhancement. Examples of lens enhancements include tints, polycarbonate and
 anti-reflective coatings.
 Medical Record Review Patient medical records are submitted to VSP and reviewed by OD/MD auditors who verify the exam and treatment for each patient follows established criteria and is properly
 documented.
 Member A person enrolled in a VSP plan who is the primary insured.
 NCQA National Committee for Quality Assurance. This is an independent, not-for-profit organization setting health plan accreditation standards.
 Order of Benefits The sequence in which benefits are exhausted, beginning with primary plans, secondary plans and then numerically succeeding plans.
 Overage Amount the patient pays the doctor (in addition to the copay) for services and products not covered by any plan.
 Medical Record Review Patient medical records are submitted to VSP and reviewed by OD/MD auditors who verify the exam and treatment for each patient follows established criteria and is properly
 documented.
 PCP Primary Care Physician. The doctor the patient usually visits.
 Preferred Provider
 Organization (PPO
 A fee-for-service option where a member can choose plan-selected providers who have agreements with the plan. When a member uses a PPO provider, they pay less money out-of
pocket for medical service than when they use a non-PPO provider.
 Primary Coverage In coordination of benefits, the primary coverage is held by the person whose benefits will be exhausted before benefits from secondary and other plans are used.
 Terms: Definition:
Terms:
 Primary EyeCare
 Primary Plan
 Referral
 Reimbursement
 Explanation of Payment
 (EOP)
 Schedule of Allowances
 Secondary Allowance
 Secondary Coverage
 Secondary Plan
 Service for Service
 Service Verification
 U&C; U&C Fees
 VSP Network Doctor
 Single Vision
 Lenticular Single Vision
 Bifocal
 Lenticular Bifocal
 Trifocal
 Lenticular Trifocal
 Double
 Quad
 Category C (QT)
 Definition:
 A VSP product that provides supplemental medical eyecare services for the detection, treatment and management of ocular and/or systemic conditions that produce ocular or visual
 symptoms.
 The plan held by the person whose benefits are exhausted first, following the order of benefits.
 The process doctors use to direct patients to consult with another doctor.
 Money paid to doctors for covered services
 A statement explaining service payments and adjustments included in VSP doctor reimbursements. Also called an Explanation of Benefits (EOB) or Remittance Advice (RA).
 A list of services patients are covered for, and the amounts to which patients are covered, according to their plans.
 The amount available for each benefit when VSP is the secondary plan.
 In coordination of benefits, secondary coverage is held by the person whose benefits are used after benefits from the primary plan have been exhausted.
 The plan held by the person whose benefits are used after primary plan benefits have been used.
 The secondary allowance is applied first to the same service or product of the primary plan (exam to exam, lens to lens, frame to frame, etc.). Any benefit amounts remaining after
 applying the allowance to a like benefit can be used for other services.
 The process for making sure a service is covered and we’ll reimburse you for that service before you give that service. You’ll be notified which services need special processing to obtain
 a case number.
 Usual and Customary Fees. These are a doctor’s standard, unmodified charges for given services.
 An optometrist or ophthalmologist who’s signed a contract to take part in our doctor network.
 Expand All|Collapse All
 ⌃
 ⌃
 ⌃
 ⌃
 ⌃
 ⌃
 ⌃
 ⌃
 Expand All|Collapse All
 ⌃
 Category C w/ Backside UV (QT + BV)
 Category D (QV)
 ⌃
 ⌃
 Category D w/ Backside UV (QV + BV)
 ⌃
Glass
 Expand All|Collapse All
 ⌃
 Plastic
 ⌃

=== END OF VSP Manual Plain text.txt ===

